經過實裝測試之後，我決定要放棄共鳴管系統，
因為它的效果還是太弱了，而且調音方面也十分困難，
最關鍵的因素在於共鳴管的開口面積太小了，
只有一小部分的音波能夠進入。

c大調音梳的開發已經進入最終階段，
13個音當中只剩下3個左右的音需要再調整，
當音準的問題解決之後，下一個目標是製作雙重音梳系統，
讓音樂盒能同時擁有同音階的兩個梳齒，
這樣子的設計能夠解決短促的重複音變成噪音的問題，
只要在生成樂譜軸的JSCAD腳本設定好就能實現這個設計。
他還有另一個好處，就是可以大幅度增加一個樂譜捲軸可收錄的樂譜長度，
因為梳齒之間所隔的角度可以變得更小。

在樂譜捲軸的JSCAD腳本開發方面，我則是吃了不少苦頭，
首先我在翻譯SCAD腳本時碰上了大量的問題，
因為齒輪腳本設計部只需要程式設計的知識，
更需要物理與工業設計方面的訓練，
我不只一次碰上完全無法理解的工程數學算式，
就連從JSCAD V1的腳本進行移植都無法完成，
最後我退而求其次，改成IMPORT讀取已經建模完成的空捲軸檔，
但是在使用純JSCAD腳本讀取STL檔的時候又碰上了途徑上的問題，
經過思考以後，我放棄一次就把系統做到位，
先用FOLDER PROJECT的方式來進行開發，
我已經以這個方式完成了音符撥齒的自動建模腳本，
接下來搭配齒輪的STL檔案，樂譜捲軸生成系統的初版就算大功告成。

------------------------------------------
After the experiment was finished, I decided to abandon the resonator tube system since its effect was too weak.
Besides, it's difficult to tune.
The most crucial problem was that its openings of tubes are too small.
Only a small fraction of sound wave can enter the tubes.

Development of C major comb is in its final stage.
Within 13 notes, only 3 notes need to be tuned further.
When all the notes are correct.
The next goal is to create a dual-comb system.
This will allow the music box  to possess two teeth of one specific note.
Such design can solve the colliding problem between the comb tooth and note bump.
once the jscad script for generating note cylinders is done, this feature can be implemented.
This design has another advantage, which is reducing the required cylinder size for one song by allowing smaller bump intervals.

I faced a ton of difficulties when I was developing the script of note cylinder.
First I got repeatedly stucked while translating scad script into jscad.
This is because it takes not only knowledge in programming but also physics and industrial design.
I got stopped by uncomprehensible mathmatical problems again and again.
Even when I find a jscad script for V1, I was unable to translate it for V2.

In the end I gave up and tried to work around this problem by importing existing STL files for empty cylinders.
But I faced some path errors while importing these files.
Eventually I decided to give up the idea of completeing the online system in the begining and develop the script with folder project.
I've done the automatic bump-adding script.
If the gears can be attached to the cylinder, the prototype will be ready.
----------------------------------------

実験の後、共鳴管システムを放棄することをきめた。
それは共鳴管の効果が小さい過ぎるだから。
長音の方も難しい。
一番重大な原因は管の開け口の面積が小さ過ぎるだから。
ほんの少しな音波だけしか管に入れる。

C major scale のCombの開発は最終段階に入った。
十三本の音の中で三本ぐらいの音だけは調整が必要なる。
音の正しさを確保したら、次の目標は二重Combシステムだ。
オルゴールに同じ音を出す歯を二つ与える。
こうすると、短すぎる音が異音になる問題を解決できる。
Cylinderを生成するJscadScriptを設定すればこの設計が実現できる。
この設計にはもう一つのメリットがある。
それは同じサイズのCylinderに収録できる曲の長さを増大することだ。
原因は二つのNote bumpの間の距離が短くなるだから。

Note CylinderのJscad script開発について大変なことは一杯有った。
先ずScadScriptを通訳した途端問題がでって来た。
ギアを生成するScriptにはプログランの知識だけではなく、
物理と工程設計の知識も必要だ。
私は何度も理解できない数学演算式にともれた。
Jscad V1のScriptからV2への移植もうまくいかない。

最後私は次善の策をとった。
ImportでCylinderのSTLファイルを読み込もうとしていた。
しかし完全にScript でファイルを読み込むときの又Path errorが発生した。
考え直した後、私は完全なScriptを作ることを諦めた。
FolderProjectの形で開発を行う。
私は既にこの方法でNoteBumpをつけるScriptを完成した。
後はギアを付けたら、第一版のシステムは完成だ。
