tensorflow的架構自由度非常高,
我在按照<<Tensorflow cookbook>>的範例實作各種模型時可以選用不同的LossFunction和Input/Output種類.
不論是回歸分析或是分類問題都可用類似的結構去完成,
只要設定相對應的LossFunction,最佳化的方法,以及Input/output的格式,就可以實現各種模型.

我在實作過程也體驗到了之前ML教程中描述的各種情境,
取樣的比例和均勻度是如此重要,居然能讓運算的最終結果有天壤之別,
用python實際作圖呈現svm的gamma值與overfitting的相關性印證了課程中推導的理論和公式.
MachineLearning確實是們需要大量實做才能了解的學問.

我目前已經實做了幾個CNN,用在文字的辨識上,
對於如何建立Fully connected/convolutional/activation/pooling這四類的神經網路有了基本的認識.

另外我也把tensorflow版本的openpose程式碼抓了下來,並且把我認為最關鍵的部分印出來,
試著了解openpose的網路結構.

本月份的任務執行在知識與技術面上都有很大的進展,
另外在身體鍛鍊的方面,使用了不同的徒手訓練動作確實讓我的全身肌肉組成更加健全.
然而最關鍵的'人際關係'方面則是完全相反,我毫無得到任何實質上的收穫,
Loosers can't be the choosers,我必須把WeARFit的基本雛形建立起來證明我的構想,
並且找出一個能夠達成目標的團隊.
-------------------------------
The machine learning infrastructure of tensorlfow is highly flexible.
When I was implementing models from <<Tensorflow Cookbook>>, I could choose from all kinds of loss functions and Input/Output formats.
Regression and classification  can be done with similar archetechture as long as I set the corresponding loss functions and optimiztation methods.

While practicing, I experienced the thing described in the ML tutorials,
The batch size and its ramdomness are so important that  they can make final result totally different.
Plotting with python showed the Gamma values' importance in controlling overfitting of a SVM model.

The Machine learning is indeed an area that requires a lot of practice.

Now I've implemented several CNNs on recognition of hand written digits.
And I gained some basic knowledge of the four types of neural network layers:Fully connected/Convolutional/Activation/Pooling.
I also downloaded tensorflow version of openpose source code and printed the most crucial parts.
I'll try to understand its structure.

The execution of plans in June had good progress on knowlege and skills.
In the aspect of physical training, I tried different moves and they did make my muscle composition more balanced.
However, I totally failed in networking.
There's still no available social connections I can utilize.
Loosers can't be the choosers, I must build up the prototype of WeARFit system to prove my concept and build up a team which can achive our goals.
-------------------------------
Tensorflowのマシンラーニング構造の自由度はかなり高いです。
私が＜＜Tensorflow　Cookbook＞＞に沿って色々なモデルを実作する時は様々なLossFunctionとINPUT、Outputを選択できる。
Regressionも、分類問題も同じ構造のPythonCodeで実現できる。
その対応のLossFunctionと最適化方法を選べばモデルを実作できる。

練習の間で私はマシンラーニング課程が述べた状況を体験した。
サンプルのBatch　SizeとRandomnessはこんなに重大な影響力が持つ、少しの変化で全然違う計算結果を出る。
Pythonで結果を視覚化とすれば、SVMのGAMMA値とoverfittingとの関係は明白になる。
マシンラーニングは確かに大量な経験が掛かる学問です。

私はすでに複数のCNNを実作した、そのCNNは数字の認識ができる。
Fully connnected/convolutional/activation/poolingこの4種類の神経層をどうやって構築すことを少しわかりました。

私はTensorflow版のOpenPoseのSourceCodeをダウンロードした。
そしてその一番重要な部分を紙でプリントした。
これからはOpenPoseの構造をもっと詳しく調べる。

本月の任務遂行は知識と技術の方面で大きな成果がある。
体の鍛錬について、新しい訓練動作は私の筋肉構成をもっと健全にする。
だが一番肝心な”人脈作り”の方面では何の収穫もなかった。

Loosers Can't　Be the　Choosers。私はWeARFitの基本構造を完成させるべきです、そして頼りになるメンバーを探す。
---------------------------------
七月目標
1.完成WeARFit基礎功能(人體keypoint辨識,姿勢辨識)
2.閱讀<<創業投資聖經>> <<google創投認證>>
3.每週練車一次
4.運動每週3次30分鐘,嘗試新的訓練動作
5.寫四篇週記in中英日文
6.聽英文廣播x16hr
