我最後總共下了20gb的DATASET,包括MS COCO2017和PASCAL VOC2012,
花了4天的時間,這期間我有嘗試用COCO2014和2017的DATASET去進行TF-POSE的TRAINING,但是跑到特定的點就會停下來,
用TOP指令去看會發現原本備劃分給TENSORFLOW的記憶體全部又被釋放出來了.
GPU溫度也沒昇高,並且出現了14個ZOMBIE PROCESS.
我打算先不改造TF-POSE的MODEL,而是用PASCAL VOC DATASET去RETRAIN DEEPLAB,製作我上周所構思的第一步驟.

我在LINKEDIN上面目前已有三位聯絡人,但如何經營還是個大問題,
Tim Ho之前給了我依些資訊和建議,但是除了實際做出新的成果,
我不知道其它有意義的回應.
另外二位雖然加了我,但對我的發言並沒有任何回應.

我上兩個月並未進行書籍閱讀,只是針對Machine Learning和Computer Vision的paper還有教學文章去學習,
或許我該回頭去翻翻年初做的筆記,特別是時間和自我的管理.

之前我曾任為現在會是購入顯卡和電腦的好時機,
但是實際上並非如此,因為現在主流的10世代顯卡並未有太大的降價.
特別是gtx1060 6g以上的卡.
但若未來的training真的非換機不可的話,先花個2~3萬弄一台可以應付training需求的pc也是合理的方案.
---------------------------------------------------------
I eventually downloaded datasets with volume about 20 GBs,
including MS coco and Pascal VOC 2012.
It took me 4 days to download and during this period of time I tried to use tf-pose's training script.
But the training always stop at a certain point.
I checked with "top" command and found that the occupied memory was released and the GPU temprature didn't rise.
There were 14Zombie processes by the way.

I decided not to modify the tf-pose model, but to train Deeplab with pascal voc Dataset.
This will create the first processing mechanism of the new system:
Cutting the human image from background.

I now have 3 contacts on LinkedIn.
But the problem is how to manage the relationship with them.
I have nothing meaningful to offer them besides the actural breakthrough of my project.
And this is extremely difficult to achieve.
I did ask some more questions but still got no respond.

Last two months I sstopped reading and studied only papers and tutorials about machine learning and computer vision.
Maybe I shold go back and review the notes I made, espacially on the topic of time and self management.

I once considered now a good timing for purchasing a new PC and graphic card.
But it semms not correct at all.
The new Nvidia cards are expanding price range and spects.
The 10th genaration cards didn't show much decrease on their prices.
But if the training job really demands a better machine, spending 20~30K NTD to get an capable machine is quite reasonable.
---------------------------
結局私はMscoco2017とPascalVOCを含めて、計２０GBのデータセットダウンロードした。
この間で私はCoco2014と２０１７のデータでTF－POSEのトレーニングを試した。
でもいつも特定の段階で停止していた。
LinuxのTOP指令で調べれば、MEMORYが全部釈放された、GPUの温度も上がていなかった。
そして14本のZombieProcessが現れました。
私は一段とTF－POSEの改造を止めて、PascalVOCでDeeplabをRetrainする。
先週で考えたシステムの第一段階を作る。

私がLinkedInで三人のコンタクトがいる。
でもどうやってこの関係を経営するのは問題です。
私は彼らと意味のある対話をするのはあんまりできないようです。
実際の研究成果を出さねばならない。

もう二か月間で本を読むことをしなっ方。
私はただMachine LearningとComputer Visionに関連するPaperと教学材料を勉強した。
年初で作ったノートを復習するべきかもしれない。
特に時間と自我管理の部分です。

前で私は”今が新しいPCとグラフィックカードを購入する機会かもしれない”といったが、
どうやら現実はそうではないようです。
Nvidiaの新しい製品は確かに発表されたが、
現在の主流製品の値段は全く減っていない。
でももしTrainingは新しいハードウェアが必要なら、
2、3万円で適当なPCを購入することも合理的な方法です。
