歷經四個月的實踐,我在當初設下的各個目標和項目都或多或少有所進展,
這段時光算是沒有虛渡,
接下來該是靠著這些基礎進一步探索我未來的生活和職涯的可能性的時候了.

在一開始二月的時候,練車是執行上最有壓力的一個項目,
因為我在考完駕照後長達五年的時間都沒有碰過方向盤,
然而經過持續的練習,我漸漸的掌握了這個技能,
未來在這方面要做的就是把基本的換檔/燈號/停車入庫等動作練精確,
避免養成壞習慣.

外語方面,我的英文聽力進步很多,
至於日文則由於練習的場合只剩下一個月四次的周記才會用到,現在已經有點開始衰退.
但是目前我已經有一個明確的目標,而日文能力不是這個目標的必要條件,
我想目前這樣子的練習量就夠了.

運動和飲食方面,我的肥肉持續在消退,肌肉的線條也越來越明顯,
目前應該沒必要做太基級的飲食調整或增加運動的時間,
我會嘗試學習一些新的訓練動作.

閱讀方面,我今年已精讀完六本以上的書籍,加上本月份的Machine Learning Technique, Machine Learning Foundation,
整體可以說是成果豐碩.
下個月會是應用我所有之前習得的知識的最佳時機吧.

人際關係的經營是我當初訂下的目標中最關鍵也同時表現得最差的一項.
我至今仍未建立任何穩固而密切的關係或人脈,
只能說我開始了接觸其他領域的人,踏出了起始的小小一步.

在未來的這個月裡,我會把精力投注在一個新的專案:WeARFit.
並且試著以此為中心接觸包括"機器學習""電腦視覺""APP開發""運動""睡眠生理""心理學"等專業領域的人士,
並且建立系統的雛型與專案的書面企劃案.

專注並且忍受不斷的挫敗將會是下個月最重要的課題吧.
-----------------------------
After 4 months of practice, I obtained varying achievements in the projects I set in the begining.
The precious time was not wasted.
From now on, I'm going to explore the possibility of my future career and life.

I remember when all projects started, driving was the one that gave me highest pressure.
It was because I've never touched the handle of a car since I got my driving licence 5 years ago.
Through persistant practice, however, I gradually acquired this skill.
Still the basic moves like shifting gear, turning on and off the signal lights, and parking into the parking grid.
These moves must be practiced over and over again to avoid the bad habits.

About learning foreign languages, my listening comprehension of English improved a lot.
As for Japanese, since I only practice it during weekly diaries, the skill seems to start declining.
Yet now I have a more important goal to accomplish and Japanese language is not critically necessary in this project.
I think I won't put more time and effort in language practice.

Talking about my health and exercise, my fat kept shrinking and the shape of my muscle becom more and more obvious.
I currently don't need any additional diet or training program.
I'll just diversify my training moves.

Speak of reading, I've read through over 6 books this year. Added with the "Machine learning Foundations" and "Machine learning Techniques" courses, the result is quite lavish.
The next month would be the best time to put what I've learned into  use.

Networking was the most important among the goals I set in Feburary.
Unfortunately it wast the most fruitless one.
Untill now, I still don't have any solid and close relationship between any of my target personel.
I can only say that I stepped out a little bit.

In the next month, I'll focus my energy on a new project: WeARFit.
I'll try to contact people with expertise in machine learning, computer vision, application development, fitness, physiology and psychology.
I'll build and prototye of this system and documentary plane of this project.
From now on, focus and enduring endless failure wil be my main task.
--------------------------
四月間を渡って、私は最初から設定した目標についてそれぞれの成果を得た。
この間の時間を無𤀼にしなかった。
 これからはこの成果を使って自分の生涯の可能性を探索するべしです。

今年二月の頃、自動車の運𤛔練習は一番プレッシャーを感じる課題でした。
それは私が運𤛔免許を入手した後のその五年間で一度もハンドルを触っていなかったからです。
だが練習を重ねて、私はどんどんこの技術を掌握できた。
これからするのはその基本的な動作、例えばシフトギア、ライトのONとOFF、駐車などのことを確り練習して、𡒶い習慣を防ぐのです。

外?鷃yの方面、私の英語の聞き取りは明らかに進𥖏している。
日本語の方は暎月で四篇の週間記事だけに使えるから、ちょっと退𥖏した。
でも私は今一つ明確な目標がある。
そして日本語能力はこの目標に𡜻して必要なものではないから。
この調子で外?鷃yを練習すればいいと思う。

体の鍛攑と飲食の方はよい方向に進んでいる。
脂肪は減っているそして筋肉のラインは浮き上がっている。
ダイエットと運動の量うを調整する必要はないと思う。
私はただ新しい訓練動作を試してみる。

本を撶むことの方なら、今年はすでに六冊以上の本を熟撶した。
今月のMachine Learning Foundation、Machine Learning Techniqueを加えて、成果はかなり豊?gです。?S月は今まで?んだ知識を活用する機?捚Nしょう。

人間亼係の俌𥕜は私が最初から設定した目標の中で一番重要な、そして一番成果がない部分です。
私は今で確琔そして密接な亼係を出?Sていなかった。
ただ他人に接触することが出?Sると言える。

?S月で私は精神と時間を一つのプロジェクトに集中します。
そのプロジェクト名はWeARFit?
私はこれを中心にして　machine learningと computer visionと application developmentと fitnessと生理?、心理?などの領域の䥲門家と接触する。
そしてシステムの原型と書面の計?灡捚y作る。

集中と?袸謅豳sない失敗を耐えることは?S月の一番重大な課題であろう。
----------------------------
六月目標
1.完成林軒田 Machine Learning Technique課程
   找出WeARFit適合的ML Algorithm
2.建立WeARFit書面文案 (服務內容, 收費,收支結構 ,人事結構, 市場策略, app與伺服器架構)
3.建立WeARFit的c++原型(測定人體距離,偵測人體keypoint,動作偵測與分析,TTS互動機制)
4.建立機器學習/電腦視覺/ app設計/ 健身與生理學/心理學五大領域的聯繫名單
   與名單內人士接觸,並且詢問對WeARFit專案的看法
5.每周練車一次
6.運動每周3次*40分鐘,嘗試新的訓練動作
7.寫四篇週記in中英日文
8.聽英文廣播共*16hr
