在Model的開發上我又陷入了停頓狀態,
不得不說這和我的進階功夫仍然磨練得不夠紮實有關.
偏偏這個部份的教學比較難找到,
就算要問問題,我也得找出問題在哪裡才問得出個所以然啊.

在讀別人的Code時我也偶爾會有看不懂的地方,
之前如果程式跑得動我就常會把它們跳過,
這應該也是造成我的學習無法再精進的其中一個原因吧.

另外,我會在討論版上面問問看是否能夠參加一些機器學習相關的活動,
雖然他們並不一定能應付我這種半路出家的人就是了.

上周的大選之後,許多地方的政治勢力分布都翻了過來,
無論是網路或是實體的媒體都在大肆炒作各種議題,
但就如<<被媒體出賣的世界>>所說的一樣,
他們的目的只是為了獲取大眾所剩無幾的注意力並且從中獲利罷了.

幾年前的政治新星到了現在卻成了落水狗,
但我懷疑那些落水狗真的就如同報導消息所描述的那麼落魄嗎?
經手過各種案件和工程的他們應該早就從中獲利,
並且打下了卸任後利益交換的條件吧.

雖然通常不會有人承認,在大多數人的眼中,
權力和金錢才是真的,
那些不這麼想的人通常會被當成笨蛋,甚至是待宰的肥羊.
------------------------------------------
My model's progress got totally stucked.

I must admit it was related to my lack of advanced skills in machine learning.
But these advanced tutorials are much more difficult to find and study.
If I have to ask questions, at least I have to know where the problems lies first.

While studying code from other's projects,
I sometimes found parts that I didn't understand.
I usually ignore them if the program works fine.
This should be another reason why I can't move up to the next level.

I will post some questions on BBS to ask if there are any kind of events that are related to Machine Learning.
Even though they might not be able to handle amatuers like me.

After the election on the las Saturday.
The political territory of many places were drastically changed.
Both the traditional and internet media were stirring up all kinds of sensitive issues.

However, just like what <<Trust me I'm lying>>'s author said in his book,
the media companies purpose was only to capture the attention of the public, which is scarce already, and make money out of it.

The truth is not important to them.

The political stars of the past are now the dogs in the water.
Still I doubt if these "dogs" are truely out of power and money.
They may already profitted enough during handling governmental businesses, and their "retirement plan" were already well prepared.

From the mass majority's view, only money and power are the things that matters, though they will never admit it.
Thouse who don't think in that way are usually treated as fools or beefy targets to loot.
--------------------------------------
Modelの開発は又停滞になった状態です。
その原因はやはりMachine Learningについての勉強が足りないことです。
なのに中階の教学材料はあんまり見つからんです。
問題を聞くとも、
問題が一体どこにいることすら知らないので意味がない。

他人のSource Codeを読んだところ、偶には理解できない部分がある。
以前はプログランがうまくいけば略します。
これも自分がMachine Learningについての勉強が精進出来ない原因だろう。

ちなみに私はBBSで問題を出すつもりです。
聞きたいのは、お勧めのMachine Learning関連のイベントです、
素人の私を対処できないかもしれませんけど。

先週末の選挙の後、多い地方の政治勢力の分布が変わった。
ネットも伝統メディアも大声で各種の話題を煽り立てた。
＜＜Trust me I'm lying＞＞が語ることのように、
メディア会社の目的は民衆の注目をつかむ、そして利益を図るだけです。
彼らにとって、真実は何の意味もない。
数年前の新鋭政治家は今大罪人と成った。

でも私には疑問がある。
その大罪人達の状況は本当報道の様に、それ程惨めでしょうか？
色んな政務を取り扱った彼たちはすでにたくさんの利益を手に入っただろう。
引退後の利益交換条約もちゃんと作っただろう。

大部分の人々にとって、金と権力こそが価値のあるもの。
そう思わない人たちは常に馬鹿にされ、または次の獲物にされる。
