在經過一番整理後,我從MPii Dataset找出了兩百多組的同人物,同背景的圖像組.
並且用OpenCV把Keypoint所在的16個小區域用32x32pixel 的尺寸切出,
得到了一個調整過的DataSet,
接下來要做的就是試圖建立一個簡單的MatchingNetwork了,
我打算採用MobileNetV2的Backbone來替代"Deep supervised Hasing for fast image retrival"的Feature extractor.
Tensorflow官網有Feature Hashing相關的功能教學.
或許會有幫助.

我在欣雅的估價網站上找出了一組PC組合,
由於考量到GTX1080的消耗瓦數不小,可用的優惠組合也都是中高階,
最後的總價可能落在三萬五千左右.

時間確實是不等人的,而且是無法管理的,
唯一可以管的是人自己,但自我管理挑戰的是各種根深蒂固的習慣,
絕對不是讀完一兩本書就可以達成的,
就我現在看來,它應該是一輩子的事.

今年已經過了四分之三,這段期間的確進行過不少的嘗試和努力,
從開車,語言學習,身體鍛鍊,到Linux系統的探索,
第一季和第二季收穫確實頗豐.
而這一季我一頭栽進了電腦視覺和機器學習的領域,
一路上挫折真的難以計數,但我漸漸的也有了一點點小成果,

今年唯一在原點打轉的恐怕就是人際關係方面的經營了,
真正的人脈不是在大型社交活動上面握握手,遞遞名片就可以建立,
而是要有意義,有價值且持續的互動才能維持,
我目前能夠給出的價值仍很有限,
在這一年的最後一季,我會在LinkedIn原有的基礎上做一些嘗試,
希望能夠有一些成果.
-----------------------------------
After some processing on MPii Dataset,
I located about 223 clusters of pictures with the same person and background.
I cut the regions around the joint key points with the size of 32x32 pixels and created a custom dataset.

The task of the following week will be creating a simple matching network.
I plan to use MobileNet V2 backbone as the Feature Extractor for  the netwrok described in paper"Deep supervised hashing for fast image retrival"
There's some tutorials about feature hashing on the official site of Tensorflow, this may be helpful.

I found a DIY PC set on Sinya's website.
Considering the TDP of GTX 1080 is much higher, 
and the available sets are middle to high spec. 
The total price will be around NTD 35000.

The time won't stop for anyone and it is not managable.
The only thing that can be managed is the person himself.
But the self management challenges all kinds of deeply rooted habits.
It is absolutely not possible to achieve it by just reading some books.
And now I consider it may be a life-long task.

Three fourths of this year has passed.
I did commited and tried doing sme project.
From driving, language practicing, body building, to studing linux system, I get some good result in the frist two seasons.

And this season I dived into the field of machine learning and computer vision.
The frustration on this journey was countless.
But I gradually gained some result.
The only fruitless task of this year should be the netwroking part.
The real relationship will not be created by just shaking hands and delivering resumes on some networking events.
I can only be achieved by meaningful and consistant interactions with practical value.
In the last season of this year, I'll try to expand on the basis of LinkedIn and make some result.
---------------------------------------
MPiiデータセットを整理した後、私は二百組ぐらいの”同一人物、同
背景”の映像グループを見つけ出した。
そしてOpenCVで人体Keypointを中心にして、３２ｘ３２Pixelの区域映像を切り出して、Custom datasetを作り上げた。

次からするのは一つ簡単なMatching Networkを作るです。
私はMobileNetV2のBackboneで”Deep　Supervised Hashing　For fast image retrival ”のFeature Extractorを構成する。
Tensorflowの公式サイトでFeatureHashing関連のTutorial がある。
役に立てるかもしれない。

SinyaのShopping サイトで一つのDIYセットを見つけた、
GTX1080のTDPはたかいし、そして特価セットは中高階の物のみだから、最終の予算は３５０００NTDのぐらいです。

時は確かに人も待たない、そして管理できない物だ。
唯一管理できるのは人自分自身だけ、
だが自我管理が挑戦しているのは根深い習慣です。
本を一冊二冊を読んだ後で管理できるのは絶対嘘です。
私から見れば、これは一生の課題かもしれない。

今年は既に四分の三が過ごした。
私は確かに色々な主題で努力をした。
運転練習、外国語の勉強、体の鍛錬、そしてLinuxシステムの勉強、
この第一季と第二季はたしかに収穫がある。
この夏で私はMachine Learning とComputer Visionの領域を挑戦した。
この間の挫折は本当に数え切れないでした、でもどんどん成果が出てきた。

今年で一番収穫のない方面はやはり人脈作りのほうです。
本当の人脈はNetwork Eventで名刺を交換することではなく、
意味のある、そして続いている交流こそが人脈作りです。
私が他人に与えられる価値は未だ見つかりません。
今年の最後の四分の一の間で、私はLinkedInの基礎を基にして、成果を図る。
