這週我選定了一個Youtube上面的Tensorflow教學系列影片，
他是大約一年多前開始製作的，整體內容偏向中階到進階，
重點是她的後半部有幾個關於電腦視覺的重要Modle的介紹。

這系列一開始仍然包括了基本的API結構，
講者提到的幾個API(Keras / Pretty tensor / Layer B)目前已經漸漸被整合到Tensorflow裡面，
畢竟Tensorflow是一個更新頻繁的機器學習框架，現在已經來到了r1.12版
幾個月前我安裝的還只是1.08版呢。

關於神經網路建構時所使用的API語法，我目前仍採用原始的Tensorflow架構，
目前確實有許多可以整合Loss function甚至是Optimizer的API,
但由於我的目標Model結構複雜，最好還是採用比較底層的API吧。
今年花了大半的時間在機器學習上，但最後仍未能訓練出理想的Model,
但是新的訓練方法還在不斷的推陳出新，智慧型手機的運算能力也在逐步攀升，
我得堅持下去直到時機成熟的一刻。

最近幾個月我調整了飲食的組合，每周增加一罐鮮乳或豆漿來增加蛋白質攝取量，
另一方面降低了白米飯的攝取，一次只吃半碗飯。
沒有出現什麼飢餓感，而且腹部的油脂繼續消退。

雖然常會有人鼓吹要多吃白飯來支持稻農，但我覺得他作為主食的營養價值很低，
多吃它也只是肥了肚子而已。
相較之下，半碗十榖米的升糖值低、總熱量少，但是耐飽度更高。
更何況要花的錢更少啊。
---------------------------------------------------------
This week I selected a tutorio series of tensorflow and started studying it.
This series was started about one and a half year ago.
The contents are among intermediate level.
The most important thing is that it contains classic models in computer vision.

This tutorial still covered the basic API structure.
The creator of this tutorial mentioned several APIs(Keras / Pretty tensor / layers) which are gradually integrated into Tensorflow.
After all, the Tensorflow is a framework which are rapidly changed.
Now the stable version is r1.12 while the version I installed several months ago was r1.08.

About the code style of constructiong neural networks, I'm still using the original Tensorflow API.
There are indeed some APIs that can make the code elegent and integrate loss function, predictions, and optimizer all together.

However, since my target model is quite complicated, I'd better use simple and basic APIs.
I've spent more than half year on machine learning,
yet I still couldn't build the ideal model.
But the new training method and network structure are still being released.
The computational capability of mobile devices are also surging.
I should keep learning and trying till the time is ripen.

In recent months, I changed my diet again.
I increased protein intake by adding a bottle of milk or soy milk weekly.
On the other hand, I decreased the intake of rice.
Now I only eat half bowel of rice each meal.
It didn't cause any feeling of hunger and the fat around my belly kept shrinking.

Though there are many people who promote eating more rice to support the rice farmers.
I think the nutritional value of milled rice is too low .
With lower price and GI(Glycemic index), mixed grain rice is much better.
-----------------------------------
Youtubeで一つのTensorflow教学シリーズを勉強し始めた。
そのシリーズは一年ほど前から作れられたものです。
難易度は中ほど。
一番大切なのは、そのシリーズの後半部に幾つの代表性のある電脳視覚Modelを含めている。

シリーズの最初のエピソードは依然基本的なAPI構造を説明しました。
作者が言い及べたAPI(Keras / Pretty tensor / Layers)は今どんどんTensorflowに統合された。
Tensorflowは常に更新しているフランーワークだから、現在は既にヴァジョンｒ1.2になった。
数月前で私がインストールしたのはｒ1.2版です。

NeuralNetworkを建造する為のAPIの選択について、
私は今原生のTensorflow APIを採用している。
今なら確かにLoss functionとOptimizerを統合するAPIがいるですが、
私が作りたいModelの構造は複雑なので、原始のAPIを使う方がいいと思う。

今年で沢山の時間がMachine　Learningに投入した、
けど最後は理想的なModelを出来なかった。

でも新しい訓練方法とNetwork構造が発表されし続けている。
スマホンの計算能力も改善されている。
私は時が来るまで頑張り続けるべきです。

この数月間で私は又飲食の組成を調整しました。
毎週で一缶のミルクやソイミルクを加えて、蛋白質の摂食量を増加しました。
ちなみに、米の摂食量を減った、でもあんまり飢えていませんでした。
そして腹に溜まっている脂肪はまた減った。

”米を沢山食べて農民を応援するべし”と言う言論はよく聞いている、
でも米が主食としての栄養価値が低いと思う。
GI値が低いマルチグレインライスの方ほもっといい選択と思う。
