Model在經過調整後,訓練的結果仍然令人失望.
Loss值的走向仍為向上增加後固定在特定位置,
恐怕這個Model在基礎的設計上有數學方面的缺陷.
我會再上StackOverflow發文並且找尋可能的協助.

到目前我仍思考著自己是否真的把時間當作了朋友.
四月時發起的WeARFit計畫延續到現在,
我仍然在Human Pose Estimation的議題上掙扎打滾,
對於這個領域的了解遠比過去要深厚得太多了,
但是同時也發現未知的是物漢要應付的挑戰也越來越多,
創新不只要創意和運氣,深厚的實力也是必要的.

這段期間持續不斷的週記寫作維持著我執行各項計畫的紀律,
或許我應該把它當作一生的習慣?

紀律是重要的,不斷練習已習得之技能的紀律也包括在內.
我在這個月練習開車的時後便充分體會這一點.
我很多次大意都因為發生在車流少的支線道路,僥倖的沒有出事.
如果不注意,該注意的路況就會被忽略,
如果不練習,行進和距離方向的控制精準度便會下降,
稍有怠慢就可能釀成重大意外,

開始工作也有八年多了,我這一路下來觀察到了不少學校不教,報章雜誌不敢明講的事情,
與其在學校混那不值錢的博碩士,不如上職場賺錢.
另外我也看到許多人一時光鮮亮麗,成為媒體寵兒.
但是一轉眼就變成人人喊打的過街老鼠.
標榜最新科技的產品和市場,骨子裡卻是買空賣空,老鼠會結構的騙局.

和這些"過去的未來趨勢和新貴"相比,難道最穩也最真實的反而是我在過的這種
無聊生活?
------------------------------------------------------
After adjustment, the training result of my model was still dissapointing.
The change of loss value remained the same pattern:
sharply surge and freeze at one point.
The basic design of this model might contain some mathmatical problems.
I'll make post on StackOverflow again and seek possible help.

Until now I still wander whether I really befriended the time or not.
The WeARFit project continues and changed several times.
Yet I am still struggling with the Human pose estimation problem.

I know much deeper and better in this area, but I also found so many questions and challenges.
It takes not only luck and creativity to make innovations, but also resources and skills.

The continuing weekly review kept me disciplined and stuck to my plans.
May be I should keep doing it throughout my life.

Discipline is crucial, including the discipline to keep practicing skills I alread learned.
The driving practice of this month is te best proof of it.
If I becom careless, the critical situations on the road will be neglected.
If I don't practice, the precision and distance control will fall.
One slight mistake might cause severe accident.

I've been working for over 8 years,.
During this period of time, I discovered many thins that both schools and mass media wouldn't tell and teach.
Instead of getting the valueless degree in the university, I think getting a job is much more practical.
I also found many people have their short-lived fame and flattered by mass media.
But soon they became the target of all kinds of accusation.
The cutting edge technology market concept are actually a Ponzi scheme.
Compared to these "future trends and celeberty of the past", 
my "boring" life seems to be much more realistic and stable, isn't it?
-------------------------------------------------------------------
再調整したModelの訓練結果は依然良くないです。
Loss値の変化パターンは同じく”上昇し、そしてある位置で止まった”と言う状況です。
恐らくこのModelの基本的な設計に数学上の欠陥がある。
私は再びStackOverflow で可能な解決方法を探す。

今でも私は”自分が時間の仲間になったか？”と考えている。
四月で始動したWeARFitプロジェクトについて、
私は未だPose Estimation の領域でもがいている。
確かに私は過去よりよほど多いの関連知識を学びました。
でも未知なことと挑戦も沢山います。
イノベーションには”創造力”と”運”だけではなく、充分な”実力”が必要なのです。

続いている週間記事は私の計画実行の紀律を維持した。これを一生の習慣の一つにするべきかもしれない。

紀律は大事なものです、習得した技能を練習し続ける紀律も必要です。
今月の運転練習に通じて私はこの点を理解しました。
もし私が注意しないなら、気につけるべし状況を掴めることが出来ない。
もし練習しないなら、車への操作精度は下がる。
少しな油断は重大な事故になる。

私はもう社会人生活を八年過ごした。
この間で色々な”学校とマスコミが教えないこと”を見かけた。
大学で価値の低い学位を追求するより、職場で金を稼ぐの法がいいと思う。
もう一つ見かけたのは、
ある人たちが一時的に有名人になった、だが間もなく多く人の非難の的（まと）になった。
最新のテクノロジで構築された商品と商法は実際Ponzi Schemeであった。
これら”過去の未来の潮流と長者たち”から比べば、
私のような平凡な日々こそが一番真実的なものですかね？
