這幾天我展開了對WeARFit的系統建置和文案撰寫,
和在腦中構思的時候不同,
我在實際寫下WeARFit營運草案的時候更能夠發現結構和規則上可能的問題和解決方案.
越把計畫中所需要執行的細節描述出來,
整體的計畫就顯得更加具有說服力.

當然這個過程當中我也發現許多光靠我自己一人無法力及解決的問題,
而且計畫中必然存在我自己找不出來的問題,
我勢必要向其他專業人士詢問意見.
在初步的動作辨識系統出來之後,我得先詢問林軒田和李宏毅老師對於動作判讀系統的意見,另外還有抽獎機智的數學機率設計問題.
至於飲食和運動種類的選擇,我會試著接觸王思恆醫師.

之前我在想到要把自己的構想向這些專家分享和請益時,總是覺得自己準備的不夠,沒辦法把計畫說得更具體,
而在構思計畫的時候又常常發覺自己需要依些不是三兩天就能得到的專業技能和知識.
現在我想我大概是有膽量對這些專家說我已盡可能的做足功課了,
這個周末就來敲敲他們的大門吧.
------------------------
Currently I started the sonstrucion of WeARFit's system and proposal of the project.
Agter I wrote down the proposal on paper, I can disvover its structural problems and possible solutions more efficiently.
The more details I described, the more persuasive the project becom.

Of course I also found many problems that I can't solve by myself,
And the plan must have hidden problems that I can't detect.
I must acquire other professional personel's opinions.
After the initial movement recognition prototype is don, I have to ask Dr. Hsuen-Tian Lin and Hong-Yi Li about the design of movement recognition and lottery rules.
As for the diet and exercise compostion, I'll contact Doctor Si-Heng Wan.

Previously when I was thinking about sharing my concept to these professionals, I always felt that I didn't prepare enough and the plan was not concrete.
Vice versa, when I was filling the holes in the plan, I often found out that I need skills and knowledge which can't be obtained in just a couple of days.

Now I'm a bit more confident to tell those professionals that I've prepared enough.
At this weekend, I 'll knock on their doors and see what I'll get.
----------------------------------
この数日間で私はWeARFitのシステム構築と計画書の編纂を始めた。
頭の中で考えた時と違い、計画書を描いたとたんに私はもっと可能な問題と解決方法を見つかる。
計画の実行に関する細かいことをもっと詳しく述べば、
計画全体はもっと説得力を持つ。

勿論この過程で自分だけでは解決できない問題を発見した、
そしてこの計画に私がきつかない問題はきっと何処かに潜んでいる。
私はほかの専門家の意見をもらわなきゃならない。

姿勢探測システムのPrototypeを出来たあと、私はまず林軒田先生と李宏毅先生にこのシステムのデザインについての意見を聞く。
飲食と運動の種類と組成についての問題なら王思恆先生にお問い合わせる。

前で自分の発想を専門家達に提案することを図った時、
私はいつも準備が足りないと思った。
何だか計画を具体的説明することが出来なかった。

逆に計画を構築したときはいつも専門の知識と技術が必要だときつかる。
今なら自分ができる限り勉強したといえる。
この土曜日でこの専門家たちにお問い合わせてみよう。
