
Conversation opened. 1 unread message.

Skip to content
Using Gmail with screen readers
Click here to enable desktop notifications for Gmail.   Learn more  Hide
 
 
More 
1 of 78
 
201805W1
Inbox
	x
HAO SENG
	
AttachmentsMay 4 (1 day ago)
	
to me
KEEP IT ON
Attachments area
	
Click here to Reply or Forward
0.01 GB (0%) of 15 GB used
Manage
Terms - Privacy
Last account activity: 7 days ago
Details
	
	

我觀看林田老師的"機器學習基石"教程的進度比預期的還快.
現在已經看完一半了.
對於一些基本的名詞有了更深的認識.
另外也對於實務上機器學習的演算法建構有更全面的了解.
不過數學理論的推導和證明部分我只能草草帶過,
大略懂得皮毛的概念.

OpenPose應用的可能性很廣泛,不過要讓它完全施展威力仍需要頂級的硬體才能達到.
我和其中一位作者Gines Hildago通email時得知他們團隊目前的目標仍然是"更準確的演算法和更青的硬體負擔".
但是顯然就目前的狀況而言,市面上的中低手機是跑不動它的.
我在整體搞懂openPose之後應該要把目標調整為單一人物且視角固定的系統.
這應該會減輕不少負擔而且真正切中我的需求.

最近在回顧過去的心智圖時,我常會感覺到有點頭腦發脹.
覺得腦中的資訊量超過了負荷,
看來掌握知識和技能不是那麼容易的,
重複的練習和實踐是唯一的正途.
但是時間仍然緊迫,
這個月初和上上個月都陸續有藥廠業務通知他們停止營業的事情.
各種衛材和藥物供貨緊縮和短缺的情形幾乎已經成為常態.
雖然報章媒體都在製造"生技業蓬勃發展"的假象,但是實際上醫藥業真的到了很危險的地步,
我得抓緊時間找出能夠維持收入和生活品質的下一步.
-------------------------
My progress on watching Husan-tien Lin's Machine learning lecture video is faster than anticipated.
Now I'v done watching half of the series and have better understanding of some basic jargons.
I also gained a wider vision of how a practical algorithm is constructed.

But when it comes to detailed mathematical proving and theories, I can only get a very rough concept of them.

The possible application of OpenPose can be very wide-ranged.
But high spec hardware  is required to release its full power.
When I contacted Gines Hildago, one of the creator of this project, by email,
he mentioned that their goal is to achieve better performance and lower hardware requirements.
This might be really helpful but not available now.

The current low-end smart phones won't be able to run this library with enough quality.
After learning and understanding OpenPose and Machine Learning, 
I will focus on building a system which is for only one person in the scene at a fixed camera position.

Recently when I'm reviewing my past mind maps, I often felt my brain got overwhelmed.
The information in my mind is way too more tha I can handle.
To master a piece of knowledge or skill is not that easy.
Repeated practice might be the only practical solution.
--------------------
林軒田先生のマシンラーニング講座ヴィデオを視聴する進度はよそ以上早いです。
今はすでにシリーズの半分を済んだ。
基本的な名詞にもっと深い認識した。そして実務上でマシンラーニングのalgorithmを構築する方法を少しわかりました。
でも数学上の公式と証明は分かりにくいです。
私はただ朦朧な概念しか持っている。

OpenPoseの可能の応用方法は多いです。
でもそれの威力を完全に発揮したいなら、ハイスペックのハードウェアが必要です。
作者の一員のGines Hildago氏とe-mailで連絡した時、
彼は”目標はもっと良いalgorithmと低いハードウェアへの要求”と言った。
これが実現したら良いことになるが、今の中低スペックのスマホンには無理です。
OpenPoseを完全に理解するあと、私は”単一人物”と”固定視角”のシステムを目指す。
スペックの要求を出来るだけ低くなる。

最近古いMind mapを復習した時、ちょぅと頭がふわふわする。
なんだか脳内にある知識の量がオーヴァーロードしたようだ。
知識と技術はそう簡単に攫むのではないようだ。
練習と実行を重ねることは唯一の道だろう。
