我這個月的任務在一開始就已完成了一半,
但剩下的這另一半執行起來可說是完全沒有成就感.

首先我在Medium上po了一篇文章,簡單介紹了NoNet的源起和構造.
另外試著在一些相關主題的文章上留了言,不過目前反應不大.
接著我開了LinkedIn的帳號,並且把NoNet相關的資料也加入了LinkedIn,
只是LinkedIn方面還沒傳來任何消息.
緊接著我開了一個Twitter的帳號,不知為何才開通就被鎖了,
在和Twitter客服通過信後總算正常運作,
我在twitter上po了一個介紹NoNet的post,接下來要做的是去follow那些電腦視覺的專家.

在OpenCV的論壇上面我也Po了一篇文章,詢問如何改進這個系統.
另外NoNet的檔案和訓練好的Model也已經送到了Github上,接下來就看看有什麼回應了.

至於WeARFit草案的部分,我用Libre Office做了一個簡報,
目前只有文字,為了要把這計畫當中的一些細節表達清楚,接下來還要一些圖解.
------------------------------
I completed half of the tasks of this month in the beginning.
But the remaining half was quite unsatisfying.

First I wrote an article to introduce NoNet on Medium and tried to reply several othe relating articles.
But I didn't get much response.
After that I created a linkedIN account and uploaded the information about my work.
Until now, I got no message from them.

I also created a twitter account. 
But when I reated it, it was suspended immediately.
After emailing the customer service of twitter, I finally got my account up and running. 
I made a post about my project.
My next task is to follow the computer vision experts on twitter.

On OpenCV forum I also posted an article, asking about how to improve this system.
I've uploaded the whole project on Github.
The next thing to do is to see what kind of response I'll get.

As for the documentary introduction of WeARFit projet.
I created a slide with libre office.
It currently have only text.
I'll put some pictures on it to explain some details of this project.
-----------------------------------
私は今月の任務を半分完成しました。
でも残っているを実行する時は何の達成感もない。

私は先ずMediumで一つの文章を発表した、
そして関連の文章にコメントを残した。
でも今はあんまり大きな反響はない。

次はLinkedInアカウントの開通。
わたしはNoNet関連の情報をLinkedInの個人ペイジにアプロードした。
そしえ私はTwitterのアカウントを作った。
でもアカウントを作った直後、そのアカウントはSUSPENDされた。
私がTwitterのCustomer serviceと連絡した後、そのアカウントはようやく正常になった。
私は一つNoNetを紹介するPostを作った。
これからは電脳視覚専門の人たちをフォローする。

OpenCVのForumで私はもう一つの文章を作った、
NoNetをどうやって改善することを聞いた。
NoNetのFileとモデルもすでにGitHubにアプロードした。
次は他人の反応を待つしかない。

WeARFitの文書の部分について、
わたしはLibre Officeで一つ文字のみのスライドを作った。
次は色々な図解を加える。
