在早上十點多開車穿梭於菜市場的巷弄當中確實不是件容易的事,
雖然和在深夜裡走山路相比是小巫見大巫,但仍然讓我心驚膽顫,
回到家下車後人一放鬆就立刻趕到時奔的疲憊,
開車確實是件勞心的差事阿.

回想過去這幾年都是坐車通勤,的確偶爾會碰到像上周那樣的大事故而嚴重誤點,
但是少了操勞和危險,個人感覺自己仍然做了正確的選擇,
只不過開車載人仍然是必要的技能,練車還是要繼續下去的.

和開車技能相同,社交技能也是不能少的,
我上個周末到了附近的桌遊店晃了一晃,店裡剛好就有三四個二三十歲的男生在開桌,
完全是門外漢的我沒膽加入,只是先跟店長聊了一夏,券任店內有的遊戲種類和入門款式之後就走了,
這個周末再來向他們討教討教吧.

我過去深入簡出的生活方式雖然免去了許多麻煩和危險,
卻也失去了不少發展和成長的機會,藉著今年推動自我時間管理計畫的機會,
來稍微把自己的舒適圈邊界向外拓展吧.
-------------------------
Driving a car through the plaza around 10 am was not an easy task at all.
Though it is not comparable to driving a steep and narrow passage in to a mountain during midnight,
it still made ma thrilled.

After I went back home and get off the driver's seat, I suddenly felt thirsty and exausted.
Driving do indeed take lot of focus and energy.

Look back at my past years, I always take local trains to my workplace.
I did encounter severe delay several times and had to wait for hours. 
Yet without the danger and burdeon of driving by myself, 
I still think taking the train is the right choise and I'll keep using train to go to work.
The driving skill is important but I don't have to hit the road everyday.

Like driving skill, the social skill is also crucial,
Last week I went to a board game shop and lingered aroud for a while.
When I entered the shop, there were three young fellows playing and I, as a total newbie to the board games, dared not to join.
I only talked with the shop keeper about what games they have and what are recommanded. Then I left the shop.
This weekend I think I'll try to join some games there.

My past life style saved me from unnessassry troubles and dangers. 
But it also deprived me of many chances fo personal development.
Along with my time and self management program of this year,
I'll push myself out of my comfort zone bit by bit.
-------------------------
朝十時の間に商店街で車を運転することはなかなか容易ではないです。
真夜中で狭い山道を通ることと比べれば大したものではないが、私はやはり大変緊張した。
家に帰って車から降りた瞬間、私は物凄い緊張感を感じた。
車の運転てっ大変なものだなあ。

この数年間私は電車で通っていた。
偶には厳重な遅れが起こったが、車で通勤するときの疲れと危険を避けたので、
私は自分が正しいことを選んだと思う。

車の運転技術はやはり必要だが、毎日で何処にも車で行くことはないだろう。

運転技術と同じく、社交技能も必要です。
先週の日曜日でボルドゲームの店へ行ってみた。
あの頃店内に三、四人の若い人がいった。
全然素人の私は彼らに参加する勇気がないので、
店長さんと話して店内にあるゲームの種類を調べった後すぐに店を出た。
今週での週末はもう一度行こうと思います。

昔で簡単な生活は色々のトラブルと危険お防げたが、私はその同時に多くの機会を見失った。
今年の時間と自我管理計画とともに、自分のコンフォート　ゾーンの外へ冒険しようか。
