如果只看各種網誌或官網上的軟體安裝教學,有的人可能會覺得沒什麼大不了的.
只要按部就班照指示操作便能輕鬆安裝各種資料函式庫與開發環境.

但是事實上不然.
只有實際在自己的機器上安裝和設定時,才會知道中間有多少出錯的可能性.
我在三年前完Tesseract + OpenCV的時候就已經深深領教過了.
這次為了裝OpenPose,我已經碰上不少麻煩.
作為Depandency的NVIDIA CUDA以及cudnn都牽涉到NVIDIA顯示驅動和lubuntu預設的Nouveau驅動程式衝突的問題.
網路上從2016年開始就有人反映,但目前我還沒試出可行的方案.
或許我該寫幾封Email問問看那些成功在Linux上安裝的人究竟是如何辦到的.

在調整飲食之後,我的腰間肥肉確實出現了消退的跡象,不過肌肉並未被損耗掉,
這個月就繼續這個步調吧.

另外值得一提的是,我花錢的習慣和一般人比起來似乎相當極端.
我不買飲料和零食,沒在上電影院和pub,衣服鞋子一年只採買個一兩次,
從來沒出國玩過,這些活動對我而言的價值感都莫名其妙的低,
這究竟是無欲則剛又或是不積極的象徵呢?
------------------------
If someone only read the installation guide from blog posts or officialsites,
he may consider the job will be a piece of cake---
Just follow the steps and he can easily install any kind of library and IDE.
But the truth is not!

Only when someone actually do the installation job will he discover that how many troubles and problems he is going to face.
I'v learned this lesson three years ago when I played with openCV and Tesseract.

This time, for the OpenPose Project I already got into plentiful of troubles.
As the dependency of OpenPose, CUDA and cudNN both have problems when being installed on Linux System.
There's old posts from 2016 that already described the issue.
But currently I haven't find a solution to fully install the OpenPose.
Maybe I should write a letter to people who succeeded and ask  them how they made it.

After adjusting my diet, my body fat on the waist did show some signs of decline.
And my muscle didn't shirk at all.
I'll keep this pace for the whole April.

I found out that my habit of spending money is quite different from ordinary people.
I don't buy snake and drinks and never go to the movie theatre or pubs.
I buy cloths and shoes only once or twice a year. And I never travel abroad. 
I don't think these kind of consuming behaviors  bring much value.
I wonder this is so called "No desire is just" or just a inactive way of life?
----------------------
ブログや紹介サイトでチュートリアルだけむるなら、色々なLibraryやIDEを簡単にインストールできると思うが。
実際にしてみれば、”それはただの妄想”という現実を認識するだろ。
私は三年前でOPENCVとtesseractを勉強した時でこの事実を知った。

今回でOpenPoseを動かすため、私は沢山なBUGと困難を遭遇した。
今ではもうClonzilaを三回使ってOSを回復した。
でも私は未だ必要のLibrary：　CUDNNとCUDAを成功に配置していませでした。
これならいっそインストールを成功した人達にメールを送って見ようか。
これも一つの方法ですね。

今週で飲食の内容を変えた結果、駄肉は減るの様子が見える。
でも筋肉の部分は少しも減っていませんでした。
今月はこの調子で進もう。

私の消費パターンは一般人と比べれば、ちょぅと極端的の方です。
ドリンクやお菓子を買わない、映画館と居酒屋、PUBなどの場所へ行くまい。
服と靴は一年で二度ぐらい買う。
これは”無欲恬淡”か、それども積極性のない生活の表現かな？
