雖然我盡可能用扼要的方式介紹我的計畫並提出目前的問題,
但是我上週發出的Email可說是毫無收穫可言.

林軒田老師表示他對電腦視覺領域並沒有研究,無法提供完善的意見.
但我過去在學OpenCV時所有的教學材料都把這個問題歸類在機器學習底下,
大概是我中間搞錯了什麼吧(笑)
至於王思恆醫師的部分至今仍沒有回應.

看來我到頭來還是只能靠自己.

我在影像的預處理上的確有所斬獲,
現在我能夠用消除背景的方式切出一個人的剪影,
如果能夠對這個剪影做KeypointDetection,顯然會比較有效率且準確.
由於OpenCV的Machine Learning模組有許多缺漏(很多contrib的ML模組需要授權與費用)
我決定挑戰Tensorflow,將他和OpenCV/ArUco結合,創造出我自己的Algorithm.

我把最關鍵的技術和知識把持在自己手上,靠自己的力量創建WeARFit的基石,
這樣在未來打造團隊的時候才有更大的談判空間.
----------------------
In my E-mails I did my best to explain my project and problems in a simple way.
But the result was fruitless.

Dr Lin replied to me that he never set foot in the field of computer vision and can't provide good advice.
However, when I was learning openCV, all the tutorials I used would call it a Machine Learning problem.
Maybe I got it wrong?
As for  the Dr. Wang, I still got no respond.

In the end I still have to count on myself.

I did make some progress in pre-processing images.
Now I can remove the background and extract only the image of a person.
If I can directly detect keypoints of human body parts on this image, the process will be more efficient and precise.

Due to the lack of machine learning modules(many contrib modules are not free to use!)
I decided to challenge tensorflow and combine it with opencv/aruco and create my own algorithm.

By doing this, I gain control of the most crucial technology and knowledge.
I create the foundation of WeARFit with my own power.
In this way, I may be at higher ground when I'm finding team members.
-------------------
私はできる限りWeARFit計画を説明した、そして今の問題を提出した。
でも私が先週で送ったe-mailは何の収穫を貰わなかった。
林軒田先生は”自分が電脳視覚についての研究は全くいないので、良い意見を提供することができない”と返事をした。

昔私がOPENCVを勉強していた時、教材は皆この問題をmachine　learningに分類した。
これは多分私が何かに勘違いしているかな？(笑)
王思恆先生の方は今でも返事はない。

どうやら頼られるのは私自分自身だけです。

影像の先期処理について、私は確かに成果を出来た。
今私は背景を削除して、人体しかいる映像を抽出することができる。
この抽出した影像に人体のKeypoint探知を行うなら、きっと効率的な、そして正しい成果を得るだろう。

OpenCVのmachine　learning　Moduleには欠損が多いので、私はTensorflowに挑戦する。
これを使って自分のalgorithmを作る。

こうやって私は一番肝心な技術と知識を自分の手で掴む。
自分の力でWeARFitの基礎を構築する。
そうすれば、未来でチームメンバーを探すときはもっと有利な立場をもつです。
