作為本年度第一季的駕駛期中測試,我開車去了一趟田尾公路花園,
為了慎重起見我還先騎自行車去了一趟確認路線,
但是實際開車去的時候碰上有人辦喪事把整條路佔走,只好臨時改道.
好在前二個月的基本動作有練好,在突然更改路線的時候仍然能夠順暢的應對,
不過還是有不少的後方車主等不耐煩而超車.

從國中的時候開始我就會去田尾逛,
但進到公路花園停車場則是第一次,
好在當天是平日的關係,路上人車並不多,我很順利的就把車給停好了.
順路買了兩顆孔雀草之後就跳上車一路開回家去了.

就駕車的技術上來說,這一趟的表現算是勉強及格了.
不過還是有許多交通號誌的細部規則需要再確認一下.

一個人開車可以,一個人去桌遊店好像就不太行了,
我再次去桌遊店時也是一個人去,店長夫婦以有店務為由讓我碰了個軟釘子.
看樣子桌遊店是認識的人聚會的地方而不是認識人的地方啊.
------------------------
As the mid-term test of this season, I drive my car to the Tian-Wei Highway Garden.
To secure the route, I went there with my bike before the trip.
However, when I hitted the road, I encountered a funeral which occupied the road completely.

I had no choice but changing the route.
It was fortunate that I did practiced enough to make my basic moves fluent enough and didn't cause any bit troubles.
But still there were many drivers who can't tolerate my slow speed and cut me off.

Since junior highschool I started going to Tianway from time to time.
But this was my first time parking in the parking lot of highway garden.
Luckily I went there on non-holiday and didn't have to deal with large amount of people and cars on the road.
I successfully parked the car and bought two french marigold then drived my way back home.

My performance of this trip was acceptable.
But there's still many traffic rules that I have to check with.

Driving sololy is fine, but going to the board game shop sololy might not be a good idea.
When I went to the shop for the second time, I was alone.
And the shop keepers refused me with an excuse of their chors.
It seems that the board game is a place for who knows each other to gather, not for knowing people.  
-------------------------
今年の第一季の運転期中テストとして、わたしは車で田尾公路花園へ行った。
念のため私はその前にバイクで行って見て路線を確認した。
でも実際に車で行ったときはあいにく葬式に当たった。
その道は全部喪家に占用された。
これでほかの道で行くしかなかった。
幸いこの二月間で基本動作をきちんと練習したお陰で無事に目的地に到着しました。

中学の頃から私は時々田尾へ行くことになった。
でもそのガーデンの中の駐車場で駐車することは今回で初めてでした。
あの日は平日なので、観光客と車もあんまり多くなかった。
私は無事に車を止まって、ガーデンで草花を買って、また車に戻ってすぐに家へ帰りました。

今回の運転のパフォーマンスはだいぶ合格でした。
でもまだ色々の交通規制を確認しなければなりません。

一人で運転することはいいですが、一人でボルドゲームの店へ行くことはダメの様だ。
私は再び店へいたところ、店員たちに仕事があるという理由で拒否された。
やはりそこは知らない人と出会う場所ではなく、知り合いの人が集まる場所だ。
