沒有完整的訓練,在機器學習和程式設計上真的困難重重而且挫折不斷,
我這一週氏了許多方法要重新訓練Deeplab,但是都不得其門而入.
首先完整訓練整個Model是不可能在我的電腦上實現的,
TransferLearning是唯一可行的道路,但是我試了許多方法都失敗.
另外DataSet本身也是個問題,
如果只偵測person這個類別的話,由於Deeplab的Training被包裝成API型式,
我反而找不到如和忽略其他類別的方法,
只能從DataSet下手去一張一張更改GroundTruthLabel了.

關於上上周我開始構思的新方法,
在經過反思之後發現他其實算是Keypoint Matching的問題,
而且不少研究paper在做這一個領域.
在完成第一步的預處理之後,我是必要來研究一下這個新的領域.

至於新PC的部分,我在順發物色了一個DIY組合,
不包括顯卡和Win10的條件下只要14000左右,
搭上一張GTX1080和一支8GB的DRAM,總價差不多就在三萬出頭.

這幾個月我在進行機器學習試驗的時候被嚴重的挫敗感襲擊著.
我確實不是什麼意志力異常強韌的人,
為了消解這些壓力和情緒,我往往會無法執行原本擬定好的任務,
浪費時間在Youtube上頭,
轉個念頭想想,這就是最實在的磨練和修行啊!
----------------------------------------
Without complete training in programing, I faced countless frustration and difficulties.
I tried many ways to retrain Deeplab, but made no progress.
First it is not possible to train the whole model on my current PC.
Transfer learning is the only feasible way.
But I failed in all attempts in training with transfer learning.
Besides, there's also problems on the Datase.
If I want to detect only the "Person" catagory, I can only modify the original ground truth labels.

About the new concept I came up with two weeks ago.
I found it to be a keypoint matching problem.
There are many new research papers on this topic.
After I finished the first step, I must study this new area of knowledge.

As for the new PC, I found a DIY set on SUNFAR without graphic card and Win10, which costs about 14000NTD.
Added with a GTX1080 and a 8GB DRAM, the total price will be about 30000.

During these months while programming, I was always deeply struck by the felling of frustration.
Now I can be certain that I'm not a person with extraordinary willpower.
In order to relief such pain and stress, I often wasted time on games and youtube videos.
View it from a different perspective, this process is the most practical way to hone my will and skills.
-------------------------------------------------------
完全な訓練を受けとことはないと、Codingの過程は本?暷R難しいです。
私は今週で色々な方法を試してDeeplabを再訓練したかったが、最後は失敗した。
先ずは今のPCで全モデルを再訓練することは無理です。
可能の方法はTransfer learningを使うことです。
だが私は未だ有佅な方法を見つけていない。
そのデータセットにも問題がある。
もしPERSONだけを探知したいなら、データセットのGroundTruthLabelを改造しなければならない。

二週前で考えついた新しいシステムについて、
それはKeypoint matchingというものです。
これに亼連の研究は恾山居ます。
その第一𥖏のPreprocessingを完成する後。この領域の知識を勉強するべしです。

新しいPCの件について、わたしはSUNFARで一つのDIY セットを見つかった。
グラフィックカードとWin10と除けば、?帕qはNTD１４０００ぐらいです。
GTX1080と8GBのDRAMを加えば、脪は三万です。

この?菑賱﹊NProgrammingをする頃、
私はいつも深刻な敗北感に襲われていた。
私は確かに強い精神力の持ち主ではない。
その敗北感とストレスを解消するため、私は常にYoutubeで時間を消耗した。
そして限定の任務を琔行することは出?Sなかった。

逆に考えば、これは一番琔用性のある修行です
