雖然這二三個月間我完成了不少事,但是卻令人感到沒有實質感.

首先我已經累積了不少里程的駕駛經驗,但是每次上路總是無法消除緊張感,對距離的把握也仍待加強.
做運動已經成為我每日和每周的固定行程,但是腰間的最後一層肥肉仍然無法消退.
日文的兩本課本已經朗讀完兩次並且做過其中的習題兩遍,
但是我仍然不知道自己是否比七年前告過日檢N2的狀態還要更進步還是其實在原地踏步.

這些事情明顯的在腐蝕我向前繼續進步的動力.
但是我也必須認清學習曲線往往不是線性的,事實上還常伴隨不少倒退.

我這一路上累積的成果和經驗雖然稱不上豐碩,但仍是實實在在地在成長.
繼續累積各種生活技能和經驗,閱讀和收聽各種有益的書籍和節目,還有就是用心智圖來管理自己的知識和技能,
把腦袋裡模糊的概念用文字和圖像具體化,最終或許我可以搞清楚自己到底擁有什麼,究竟有甚麼是必要而且是我真心想要的.
----------------
Though I accomplished some things in the past three month's, I still don't feel these achievements to be much solid and realistic.

I've accumulated some milage of driving and yet I feel stressed when I drive and my control of distances is not good enough.

I did  mixed muscle training on everyday basis, but there's still some fat on my waist that I can't rip off.

I've read through two test books of japanese and done the quiz twice.
However, I still don't know whether I'm better than 7 years ago when I passed the N2 laguage test.

Those things are eroding the motivation that keeps me moving forward.
I have to remember that algorithem of any kind of learning will not always be linear, and sometimes regression may happen.

All accomplishment and experiences I've accumulated may not be miraculously plentiful and have great value.
But these are the proof of my improvement and growth in the critical skills and life experiences.

I shall keep reading books and listening to programs that have valuable content, and manage my knowledge with mindmaps.
Make my obscure concepts more clear with words and graphs.

Maybe I'll eventually find out what I actually have and what is trully nessary and desired by me.
------------------
この二、三月間で様々なことを出来たが、私はちょっど実感していないようです。

私はある程度で運転の経験を積んでいたものの、運転するたびに緊張感が何時も抑えきれないです。
距離の判断もあんまり良くない。

体の鍛錬は毎日進めているが、腰にある最後の脂肪は減っていない。

日本語の参考書はすでに二冊を二回で読んだ、そして宿題を二回でしました。
でも自分が七年前より上手になったか？反れども全然成長していないのか？
それが全く分からないです。

これらの事情は私の原動力を少しずつ奪うことになる。

私は”学習曲線はいつも直線的なものではない”という事実を認識しなければならないです。
今まで積んだ成果と経験はあんまり豊富ではないが、成長は確かにあるものだ。

これよりもっと生活技能と経験を身につけ、そしてよい本をよんで、ラジオ放送を聞いて知識を得る。
後はMind mapで自分の知識と技能を文字と図像で具体化する。
これで私は自分が持つものと自分が欲し、そして必要なものを見つかるだろ。
