雖然數學證明和推導仍占很大比例,但整體而言林軒田老師的ML課程影片算是非常親近實務的了.
他在課程中提示了許多在實務上的地雷,例如自以為是的用人腦去不當簡化原有的假說,還有反過來用過高的維度/複雜度創建模型造成的OVERFITTING.
在實際下場前能有這些常是是非常有幫助的.

上個禮拜在UBUNTU MATE上面安裝並且測試完了ARUCO資料庫後,
我開始嘗試建立自己的AR系統,作為人體姿勢辨識的基礎.
預定是用ECLIPSE作為IDE,接下來應該會像2年前玩OPENCV + TESSERACT一樣,成天和各種ERROR奮戰吧.

這個周六我會展開駕駛學習的最後一站:走高速公路並通過八卦山隧道進入草屯.
這是今年所有的測試中最長距離的一個,
我已經先擬定了路線和各個重要的轉彎地標,
此行如果順利完成,我會把駕駛訓練的分量調降為每周一次,
把時間用在HUMAN POSE ESTIMATION SYSTEM 上面.
-----------------------
Although the difficult mathmatical provemet and derivations of theries have large proportion in the lecture, Dr. Lin's tutorial is still quite practical for real machine learning development.
He noticed his audiences about many possibly dangerous scenarials while building an algorithm.
Like over simplification of original hypothesis set by arrogant human "wit", and the abuse of high complexity models which may cause overfitting.
It's very helpful to have these important concepts in mind befor I really start building my own algorithm.

Last week I installed and tested ArUco library on UbuntuMATE.
After that, I started trying to build my own AR system as the basis of human pose estimation.
I'll choose Eclipse as my IDE.
I think I will start getting overwhelmed by errors from now on.

This Saturaday I'll begin my last goal of driving practice this year, 
which is entering highway and get pass the Ba-Gua-Shan tunnel to Chaw-Tuen.
This will be the longest trip of this year.
I already checked the route and noted landmarks of important waypoint.
If I succeed in this test, the main goal of my driving practice this year will be achived. And I'll reduce the frequency of driving practice to onece per week.
S------------------------
数学理論の推論と証明は林軒田先生のマシンラーニング課程に大部分を占める。
でも全体から見れば、この講座シリーズはとても実務者向きです。
先生はその課程の中で色々な”実作する時やりがちのミス”を説明した。
例えば人脳で不適当な方法でモデルを簡単化すること。
又はその逆で高すぎるダィメーションでモデルを構築すること。

実作する前にこんな知識を手に入られると、きっと多数のミスを予防できるだろう。

先週で私はUbuntuMATEでARUCO　Libraryをインストールしました、そしてその機能を確認した。
これからは自分のAR Systemを作って、人体姿勢探測の基礎となる。
予定のIDEはEclipseです。
毎日で様々なBugとErrorに苦しめられる日が来るだろう。

この土曜日で私は今年の運転勉強の最後のテスト：高速道路とトンネルの運転に挑戦する。
これは今までのテストの中では一番長い旅です。
私はすでに路線と重要な地標を調べた。
今度のテストをパスしたら、今年の運転についての目標を達成する。
これからは毎週の運転練習は一回にする。
時間を他の目標へ投入する。
