從上周的突破以來,我對開車上路這件事似乎已經漸漸習慣了,
在這個禮拜開車繞行附近道路的時候經歷了不少次的會車,感覺狀況一次比一次好,
但是學任何東西都一樣,只要學得越深就會發現自己不懂的還很多.
像是水箱裡加來提高冷卻水沸點的"水箱精"就是我最近才知道的東西,
雖然我可不想花一大堆時間和金錢來養一台吸睛的名牌車,
但是讓這台二手老爺車能安全運轉的保養是絕對不能少了.

現在的網路資訊確實很方便,
許多和汽車保養相關的資訊都可以在車廠網站和各種部落格甚至是Youtube頻道取得.

不過在讀了<<Trust me, I'm lying>>之後我也有些認同作者的觀點,
這十幾年來網路上的謠言和錯誤知識橫行,各種勢力雇用媒體操縱者來影響大眾思想和行為的現象已經是處處可見.
當我在電車上的時候,不分男女老幼都盯著手機滑滑滑,被動的吸收FB和Line餵給他們的消息,

消息的源頭當然是各種利益團體和商人,目的是更進一步的宣傳.
像我這種完全不參與其中,沒有手機成癮的異類已是少數中的少數.

當然網路上還是有許多非常有價值的內容的,
像是Linux的社群提供的各式教學,開源軟體開發團隊提供的資訊等等都十分有用,
對於增進自身的知識和技能非常的有幫助,

做為一個網路的使用者,我必須謹慎的選擇瀏覽的內容才能讓自己寶貴的時間不至於白白被媒體操縱者給偷走.
-----------------------------------
After the break through of last week, I seem to be accustomed to driving.
I've encountered situation of merging whith other car several times this week, 
and I feel my perfomance got better and better.
However, just like learning other things, the more I learn and the more thing I know I have to learn.
Like the "coolant" additive in the coolant tank, which I had never known.

Though I don't want to spent too much time and money on a fancy car,
the maintenance to make my old car run savely should not be skipped.

I must say the internet is quite convenient for informations,
plantful of maintenance related information can be obtained from car selling websites, blogs, and even Youtube channels.

On the other hand, I agreed with the opinion of the author of <<Trust me I'm lying>> a little bit after I finished reading the book.
The rumors and incorrect information flooded the internet in recent years.
Now it is prevalent that all sorts of factions hire media manipulators to influence people's thoughts and behaviors.
When I am on a train, all the passengers just stare at their smart phone and passively absorb the information fed by Facebook and Twitter. 

The sources of the information will no doubt be the organizations and merchants, and their purpose is to propagate.
Someone like me who is not addicted to smart phones is the minority.

Of course there are still plenty of valuable contents on the internet.
Things like tutorials from the Linux community and resources provided by opensource developer are very useful.
These things are beneficial for improving personal skills and knowledge.

As a user of the internet, I must choose the contents carefully to prevent my precious time stolen by those media manipulators.
-------------------------------
先週の突破を出きったうえで、私はどんどん車の運転が馴染みはじえめった。
今週で幾度も相手車とすれ違った、そしてどんどん上手になる。
でも車の運転はほかの技能を学ぶことと同じ、学べれば学ぶほど自分が分からないものを見つける。
例えば車の冷却水に入れるのクーラント液、それは冷却水の沸点を高めるためのものです。

私はあんまり大量な金や時間を投入して名車を飼いたくないが、
安全な運転のためにこの中古車のメンテナンスは必要です。

今のインータネトは確かに便利なもです、
車のメンテナンスについての知識は販売元のサイトやブログやYouTubeチャネルなどで取得することができる。

でも私は＜＜Trust me, I'm lying＞＞を読んだ後その作者の意見に少し賛成します。
この数年間インタネットで噂や誤りのある知識が沢山いる。
様々な利益者はマスコミ操縦者を雇って、人々の意見と行為に影響を与える。
私が電車内にいる時、乗客たちは皆スマホンに夢中で、被動的な形でFacebookとTwitterからの知識を吸収した。

その知識の源はもちろん色んな利益者と商人、目的はプロパガンダに違いない。
私みたいな、スマホ依存症が無いものはほとんどない。

勿論インターネットではやり価値のある内容はあるのです。
と言えばLinuxのコミュニティから提供されたチュートリアル、オープンソースの開発団体からの資源など。
自分自身の知識と技能を高めることにできるものもある。

インターネットの使用者として、私はその内容をちゃんと選択しなければならない。
