雖然我仍然感覺時間不夠用,但是我在這個月對時間的流失感反而覺得變慢了.

這主要是因為我記錄了每周的執行結果並且整合成週記,它讓我清楚掌握自己究竟做了哪些事,因此回顧過去時不再是空白一片,
另一方面也是因為我在這個月中的年節假期也已十分充實的方式過完.
感覺這短短的二十幾天卻達成了不少事情.

做給自己看的週記不論是時間管理或是自我管理上都帶給了我不少好處,
而且每次同時進行的英/日語翻譯也上我的語文能力得到提升,只可惜沒有專門的語文教師幫我批改文章,
我只能自己一步步自我修正了,
或許我長期收聽的英文廣播節目也可以讓我的語感更為敏銳吧.

和學習語言一樣,我在Linux系統方面的學習也是如同摸著石頭過合一般,雖然看過了教學文章和影片,實際上自己操作時還是會碰到大大小小的問題,但是堅持到底總還是能勉強過關.

實際開車上路就沒有那麼多可以犯錯的空間了,只要稍有差池就有可能釀成大禍,
我要成為一個安全可信賴的駕駛應該還有很長的路要走.
而持續小心練習和Youtube上的各種教學影片應該會讓這條路走得更順吧.

不過在看過<<Trust me I'm lying>>之後我覺得自己也得謹慎的評估網路上得到的各種資訊和影片內容的正確性,從中選出有真正價值的資源來使用,珍惜寶貴的時間.
---------------
Though I still feel that the time is not enough, I feel it flowed by much slower this month.
This might because of my weekly journal.
I recorded what I've done in a week in the journal and it made me more aware of my achievement.
When I look back, my past is not oblivious anymore.
Besides, since I lived this lunar new year vacation in a substantial way, I feel that I had achieved much in this month.

My personal journal benefited me in both time and self-management.
And the following job of translation improved my language skills in Japanese and English.
The only drawback is that I don't hae a personal tutor who can correct my articles.
I can only correct myself bit by bit.
Maybe keep listening to the English podcasts will help me.

Just like learning languages, the Linux system require practical usage to master.
Tutorials in the form of articles and videos cirtainly helped me understanding the concept, but whn I start doing the things that I thought  I've learned, I still got plentiful of problems.
With perseverance, I shall solve them step by step.

There's not as much room for mistake in driving.
If I do something slightly wrong, I may cause big tragedy.
The way to become a trustworthy driver is long.
But consistant practice and tutorial videos on Youtube will make the way easier.

However, after reading <<Trust me I'm lying>>, I think I have to choose the internet contents carefully and make the best use of my precious time.
--------------------------------
私は今でも時間が足りないと思うが時間の流れは遅くなたきがする。
それは多分毎週にウィークリーマインドを作ったおかげです。
私はウィークリーマインドで自分が何を出来たかのことを摑まえる。
そして暮らした日々を回想する時はとても充実と見える、もう虚しくない。
もう一つの原因は今月の年休で充実な形で過ごしただから。
この短い月はちょっと長くなっなた気がする。

自分へのウィークリーマインドは時間管理と生活管理の方面にとても良い効果を発揮した。
そして同時に行う英語、日本語への通訳練習は私の外語能力お高める。
たった一つのマイナスは外語専門の先生に自分の文章を修正することがもらえないです。
だから私は少しずつ自分で自分の誤りを直すしかない。
長期間で聞いている英語のラジオ放送も私の外語力を改善できるでしょう。

外語の勉強と同じ、Linuxの勉強はトライ＆エラーだ。
私は確かにいろいろな文章とヴィデオをみたが、
実際に操作する時はやはりいろいろなトラブルが発生した。
根性をもって試行錯誤を繰り返してなんとなくそのトラブルを解決出来た。

道で運転することならそんなに過ちを許す空間はなかった。
どんな小さいミスを犯しても大変な事故になる。
自分が頼もしいドライバーへの道はまだまだ長いです。
でも、ちゃんと練習してそしてYoutubeで教学ヴィデオを見れば、その道は容易になるでしょう。

しかし＜＜Trust me I'm lying＞＞を読んだ後、
私はインターネットからの情報をもっと謹慎な態度で判断すして、一番価値がある物を採るべきと思う。
自分の時間を大切にすることです。
------------------------------
3月目標
1.開車繞行一公里內道路一周五次,本月份到田尾一趟
2.Linux練習A.裝Lubuntu On Virtual Box
           B.開始中文化Linux Mindmap
           C.嘗試讓Lubuntu 在S1003筆電的顯示正常
3.讀<<I'll make you an offer you can't refuse>>
    <<What every body is saying>>
4.朗讀日檢二級文法解析與作其中的習題,共三趟
5.寫四篇周記並且翻譯成日文與英文
6.聽英文廣播X16小時
7.每周做棒式運動 3min x 5 + 其他核心運動,不增加時間,專注把運動做到位
8.加入桌遊之類的地方社群(去二次)
9.整理和釐清Want/Have List
10.維持網路上的聯繫
   追蹤esor/鳥哥/study area/hitcon /凍仁文章

百分之百達成獎勵: 球根花卉*1
                4GB DDR3*1(先確認PC原有的DRAM)
