201801w5/02w1 review
上週提到的時光飛逝感在這一周更加明顯.

雖然我達成了近九成的目標,
但隨著心裡正向回饋的機制之下,我在一天之內想做的事也越來越多,
漸漸的壓縮的白天的休息時間.
有些原本要用來休息的零碎時間也沒有確實的去休息.

這個狀況是不能放任它惡化下去的,
當我連睡眠的時間都開始自我剝削,睡不到八小時的時候,
將會產生"賺了一個晚上卻賠了明天一整天的狀況".
這樣的結果是得不償失的.

現在的我確實面臨<<把時間當作朋友>>書中描述的情景,
而相對應的對策也很明確:以現實的眼光來審視自己的計劃.

我目前的目標很簡單,只是"確保生存"而已,
首要的就是健康和體能,和家人的關係,還有工作技能
其次是一些生活上的技能,如開車,與人交際之類.

今年一月的任務規畫和執行很明顯的忠於前述的目標,
而且現在看來也沒有多餘的時段可供排程,
既然如此,那些節外生枝的目標是不必要的,
及時解除才是讓自己生存下去的根本強大之道.
-------------------------------
I felt the time flew by even quicker this week.

Though I completed 90 percent of the tasks,
 the positive feedback mechanism made m want to do even more.
This phenomenon gradually eroded my daily resting time  and I can't let it go even worse.
Because when I start steeping my own sleeping time and  can't sleep longer than 8 hours a day, 
I will lose "a whole day (tomorrow)" and gain only few hours(tonight).
Obviously, the cons outweighs the pros in this "trade".

Now I am actually facing what <<把時間當作朋友>> had described about the dilemma of 
"want to do vs what you have enough time to do".
The strategy for this situations is also obvious:
Evaluate my plans and goals with a critical perspective.

My current goal is simple: survive.
The most important things are health, relationship wiht family 
and occupation which brings me income.
The secondary things are skills for daily life like driving and networking.

My January plane apparently followed those goals.
And now since I don't have more time for the additional things which intrigues me. 
I must abandon those things and focus on the most important things.
This is the only way to success.
-------------------------------
先週で題になった時間の”流失感”は今週でもっと激しいになった。

私は確かに九割の目標を達成しましたが、
心理的なポジティブフィードバック現象の上で、一日にしたい事はますます増えてきた。

ある時間は休む予定でしたが、実際には休まなかった。

こんな状況はほうってはいけないと思う。
もし休憩だけでなく、睡眠の時間すら減る初めて、一日に８時間以下になったら。
その明日はきっと一日疲れそうな状態になる。
こうなると何にもよく出来ないでしょう。

今の私は確かに＜＜把時間當作朋友＞＞が述べた状況になる。
そしてその対策は明白である。
それは現実的な考え方で自分の計画と目標を検視するです。

今の一番重要な目標はとても単純です。
それは生存することです。

一番大事なのは健康と体力、家族との関係、そして仕事ため技能です。
他は生活における技能、例えば車の運転と社交技能です。
今年一月の生活計画はその目標と一致した、そして暇な時間はもう見つかりませんでした。

こうなったら私はやはりその一番重要な目標に専念するべきです。
