和1到五月不同,我在六月和七月的時候把時間完全投入在WeARFit相關任務的執行上.
一月到五月進行的靜態閱讀和語文學習雖然讓我擴展了知識.
但是實際要做出可以吸引人的東西,並且和他人溝通,甚至說服對方幫忙,這一點都不容易.
在學習MachineLearning的時候我可以有許多天馬行空的構想,但是在實務上要做出一個能夠運作的Prototype卻是難上加難.
這二個月我碰上了無數的挫折和難關,和目標人士接洽的工作也很難說有什麼具體的結果,
要新創一個服務竟然是如此困難.

但是我不會就此停手,
運動姿勢的針測和評估的確是最尖端的科技領域之一,最優秀的研究團隊都在努力尋求突破.
我雖然只不過是個自學的三流工程師,但仍然有機會突圍.
而且這些研究者的目的也是要改善人類的生活品質,
如果我能說服其中的一切人來協助我,計畫絕對會有不一樣的發展.
這個八月的目標只有兩個,
一個是對五十位action recognition 專家發信,並且和對方維持聯絡,
第二是做出WeARFit初步的動作評估系統.
------------------------------------
Unlike days from January to May, I devoted all my time and energy on WeARFit.
Although the reading and language practice did expanded my knowledge, 
it's still not easy to make something that really works.
Don't mention persuading others to help.

While learning on topics about machine learning, I can have many wild imaginations.
But creating a practically feasible system is extremly difficult.
During these two months I faced countless frustrating events and difficult situations.
And my contacting task still have no significant result.
I'm awed by the difficulty of creating a new service.
However, I won't stop here.
The action recognition and verification are indeed the most cutting edge technology.
The most brilliant research teams are desperately trying to make a breakthrough.
I'm just an amateur programmer, but I still got my chance to win.
The goal of these researchers is to improve the quality of life of mankind.
If I can convince some of them to assist me. I'll have more chance to success.

The goals of August are just two.
One is to contact 50 experts in action recognition.
The second is to create the first prototype of action verefication model.
---------------------------
一月以来の時間配分とは違う、
私は六月と七月の頃すべての時間をWeARFit関連の任務に投入した。
六月前の図書、及び外語の勉強は確かに私の知識を増えた。
でも実際に自分の構想を実現すること、そして他人にこの構想を説明することは容易ではない。

Machine Learningを学ぶとき、私は色々奇妙な構想を出来た。
でも実際にその構想を基にして実作できるものを作るのは難しいです。
この二か月間で私は無数の困難を遭遇した、連絡したい人たちとの接触工作は具体的な成果も出来ていない。
でも私はここで止まることをしない。

運動姿勢の探索は確かに最新のテクノロジーです。
一番優秀な研究チームは皆この領域で新し成果を目指す。
私はただ一人の三流プログラマーだが、成功の機会は必ずあるのです。

ついてに、その研究者たちの目的は私とおなじく、人類の生活を改善することです。
もし彼らの中の一人や二人が私に協力してくれば、成功の可能性は必ず高くなる。
