我在先前討論版上的文章詢問有關學習資源的事，
有人回應了一個名為HackerRank的網站，
有多種題目可作，最後提交答案還可以獲得評分，
我在上面找了一下Tensorflow相關的題目，但似乎找不太到。
不過Youtube上也有越來越多的教學資源，
我會在找一些注重實作的課程來選讀。

另外還有依些機器學習的社團也是一個可以研究的目標，
雖然ptt目前仍不開放新用戶註冊，但網路上仍有許多其他學習性社團。

今年的景氣低迷，接上出現了很多荒唐的現象，
首先是成群的流浪漢變多了，而拾荒為業的人也滿街跑。
另外騙人入夥的自動販賣機店一間一間的冒出來。

一年前備炒作的輕軌與太陽能產業也露出了洋相，
相關的工斯發生倒閉與裁員，更別提那虛無飄渺的生濟產業，根本就是膠囊食品包裝廠。
我很慶幸當年讀的是有工作保障的藥學系，
現在的路上多得是找不到工作的生命科學系博碩士啊！

員林去年底開始就有地區醫院自我縮編成診所，
目的是消減繁重的人力和行政成本，我自己也得準備好變局來臨時的對策，
無論那是去其他院所執業或是轉行。
-------------------------------------------------------
Last week I posted a question on BBS asking about learning resources of tensorflow.
Someone replied to me that there's a website name "HackerRank".
This site have plenty of quiz to solve and if the user submit their answer, these answers will be evaluated and scored.
I tried to find tensorflow-related quiz but didn't find any.

However, there are more and more tutorials available on youtube.
I can find some courses that focus on implementation.
By the way, groups of machine learning might be a valuable target to search.
Though the ptt site still freezes its user appliance.
There are many other study groups on the internet.

The ecomnomy status of this year was very bad.
There are many ridiculous phenomenom showing up on the streets.
First the number of vagrant groups increased, and the people who do scavenging also getting more and more.
The crane claw machine shops kept showing up everywhere.

The monorail and solar power industry, which got overly promoted an year ago, started showing their true form.
The related companies started cutting people off and closing.
Not to mention the "hollowed" biotechnology companies.

I feel lucky for myself since I chose the pharmacy school instead of life science.
Currently there are so many masters and Ph.Ds with life science degrees on the street and they can't even find a suitable job.

From the last year, there were hospitlas started  downgrading themselves in to clinics.
Their purpose was to reduce the growing burden of human resource and management cost.

I'd better keep myself ready for any sudden changes.
Switch institutions or change my career are all the possible choices.
--------------------------------------
私がBBSで発問した問題について、ある人はHackerRankと言うサイトを言い及べた。
そのサイトは色んなプログランミング課題を無料で提供する。
もし使用者が答えを送信したら、HackerRankはその答えの正しさによって採点する。
私はあのサイトでTensorflow関連の課題を探したが、あんまり見つかりませんでした。
でもＹｏｕｔｕｂｅではTensorflow関連の教学ヴィデオが増えている。
私はＹｏｕｂｕｔｂｅでImplementation向きのヴィデオシリーズを勉強する予定です｡

他には､Machine learning の Online Groupに参加することもいい方法です。
ＰＴＴは今でも新規会員を受け取りませんでしたが、ほかのMachine Learningグループは沢山いる｡

今年も大変不景気です。
街ではおかしい現象が現れた。
先ずはホームレスが増えている、屑拾いで金を稼ぐ人も以前より多い。
数え切れないＵＦＯキャッチャ－屋は次々と現れた。

一年ほど前話題になったモノレールと太陽エネルギー産業はとうとうしっぽうを出した。
関連企業はリストラと休業を始めた。
あの空っぽくバイオーテクノロジは実際カプセル食品販売業に過ぎない。

私は自分が十年前で薬学部を選らんたことを一番正しい選択肢と思う。
今の台湾は仕事を見つからん博士が沢山います。

去年からユエンーリンン（員林）のある区域病院は自我降級を要請して、
診療所になった。
目的は人力とマネージマントのコストを減るためです。
私は可能の対策を整えるべきです。
