這一周碰上今年度的年節假期,這幾天可以說是過得非常的充實,
充實並非連夜看熱門連續劇或是跑到熱門景點去塞車,而是確確實實的繼續完成我在本月份設定的任務.

首先是練車的部分,雖然感覺上有些冒險,不過我還是正式的把車開上路,而且原本預計下個月才會跨鄉鎮移動,結果就在大年初一把車開到了田中高鐵站,
一路上沒有太大的問題,一方面也是有人幫忙在副駕駛座指引,而且上個月一次次的換檔與倒車練習發揮了功效,我在這一路上的這些操作都已轉變成反射動作,把所有的注意力放到了路上的車況和路況.
唯一的問題是碰上一些交通號誌混亂的小路還是有些手足無措,看來如果要到不熟悉的路段還是先用google街景探查一下會比較保險.
至於在狹路對向會車時的緊張感和距離拿捏也只能靠未來繼續一次次的經驗累積來改善了.

至於語言學習的部分,原定要在本月底完成的日檢二級課文朗讀已經提前在這個禮拜完成了,
總計二十二章的課文和文型讀解書籍看似厚厚的一本,但拆成每天朗讀十幾分鐘後,變得不再那麼令人感到有負擔了.
接下來要進行的是另一本日檢二級的文法解析,和前一本以各種文體作為課文來研習的方式不同,第二本書系統化地把所有文型列出來讓讀者學習.
雖然我七年前就考過了日檢N2考試,但是在試作了第一單元的練習題之後,我發現自己錯的還是那幾題.
這是代表那些題目是真的難題呢?
又或者說我的日文程度在這七年間並沒有顯著的進步呢?

另外在年節期間吃下的甜點餅乾和大魚大肉雖然令人有發福的隱憂,但是因為年假並沒有把行程排在熱門景點人擠人,都是在家裡休養生息,
因而更有時間和體力運動,在連續45分鐘的核心肌群訓練和有氧運動消耗下,身上的肥肉並沒有顯著的增加,
看來過節放假的時候做這些活動反而對身體和精神上都更有實質上的益處呢.

整體而言,二月的目標已經完成接近七成以上,如果解決小筆電上安裝Linux系統的困難,並且把<<被新聞出賣的世界>>讀完,那就可以算是百分之百的完成了.
或許我真還有點實力讓時間願意當我的朋友!?

------------
This week is the lunar year vacation and I had my days quite fulfilled.
"Fulfilled" doesn't mean I watched popular movies throughout the night or get jammed on the road to the popular travel destination.
It means that I kept completing my goal slowly but surely.

First of all, let's talk about my driving practice.
Though it feels a little risky, but I did hit the road and go to the High Speed Rail station of Tianchong,
There was no big problem during this trip, since there was another person on the car who can instruct me the direction.
And the basic practice of the last month did helped a lot. Now I can turn and back the car subconciously and focus on the situation of the road.
The only issue is that I still feel nervous when driving on narrow roads with chaotic traffic signs.
I'd better check these roads on google landscape before departure.
As for the delicate distance control when coming accross another car from opposite direction, I believe it will be improved though further practice.

Now move on to the language learning part. I finished 朗讀 japanese textbook of the second round.
It have twenty two chapters and looks bulky. However, after dividing the job into 15 miniutes per day, the burden was eased.
The next textbook I'm going to read is focusing on grammer and list them systematically.
Though I already passed the Japanese test of the N2 level, after taking some quiz I found myself still made the mistakes just like seven years ago.
Does this mean these quiz are difficult?
Or maybe my Japanese skill level didn't improve greatly during these seven years?

Although I've eaten a lot of food and desert, since I spent more time on resting than traveling, I got more time and energy for exercise.
After doing core training and 有氧運動 for over 45 miniutes, the weight gain of me is not so obvious.
It's better to do those things(rest and sport) for my body and mind than getting myself trapped in a traffic jam.  

Overall, I've completed seventy percent of my goals of this month.
If I solve the Linux installation problem and finish reading <<trust me I'm lying>>, that would be one hundred percent completion.
May be I still got something to make the time my ally!?
------------
今年の新年ヴァカンスにあたって、今週はなかなか充実した。
”充実”とは言え、夜更かして映画鑑賞とか観光地へ行くとかではなくで、
ちゃんと定められた目標を一つずつ完成しました。

先ずは車の運転練習です。
少し無謀だと思ったが、私は正式的に一般道路で車を運転していた。そして予定よりやや早く、遠い高速鉄路駅へ行った。
その途中で大した問題いはない、それは助手席に人がいるので適当な引導をもらえる、そして先月の基本練習が実ったおかげです。
唯一の問題は混乱なトラフィックーサインがいる道でちょっと迷ってしまったこと。
どうやら行ったことのない道はGoogleで調べた方がいい。
狭い道で対向車とすれ違った時の緊張感はさらに練習をすることで解決するだろう。

外語の勉強について、本月で終わる予定の二週目の　課文朗讀　は今週で済んだ。
この本に二十二のチャプターがいる、とても重量があるものですが、一日十五分間で読むとなかなか容易なことになった。
次はもう一つ、文型と文法を分析するの本を読むことです。
私は確か七年前でN２試験で合格したが、この二番目の本にある宿題を試してやった結果、七年前と同じ誤りをした。
それはその宿題が難しすぎるか、反れども私はこのしちねんかんであんまり進歩していなかったかな？

ついでに私は観光地へ行ったなかったうえで、充分な睡眠や休憩をとった、そして体力と時間があって充分な運動をした。
四十五分間つつけて核心筋力トレーニングをしたお陰であんまりふとたなかっな。
やはりヴァカンスの間はこれらの活動をする方がいいと思う

今月は大体七割の目標が達成した、もしパソコンでLinuxをインストールことができて、そして＜＜Trust me I'm lying＞＞を読み切るなら、これは百パーンセントになると思います。
私にはまだ時間の味方になる資格があるようだな！？
