我仍在持續觀看Hvass Laboratory製作的Tensorflow教學，
我發覺影片的部分由於時間長度有限，
講者並未詳細描述各個教學專案中的細節，
必須把原始碼爬過一遍才能有比較深入的了解，
不過他的Source code有大量的註解，要理解並不是那麼的難。

最近我回顧了過去一年的周記，發覺這一年的轉變著實不少，
然而到目前我仍未對年初的問題:
"找到自己真正想要且需要的東西"有任何明確的解答。

我不論從生活上或工作上都觀察到許多處於高社經地位的人們過得其實一點都不快樂。
他們把賺來的錢花在一點價值都沒有的東西上，
或是被完全不賺錢的投資所欺騙、身陷其中。
他們常在公開場合說一些與實際情形相反的浮誇之詞，
但仔細一聽就可察覺備後另有玄機，很明顯的已處在自欺欺人的狀態。

我不禁懷疑起媒體上的那些"成功人士"到底有幾人是真正過著穩健而舒適的生活，
到底有多少比例的網路名人真的表裡如一?
他們身邊圍繞的究竟世朋友還是騙子?

我目前只知道我對這些東西在初見的時候會羨慕，
但是仔細觀察過後就一點也不了，
在這個世界上逍遙活下去到底需要什麼東西呢？
是要向那些和尚說的把一切都拋開嗎？
但這些說詞不就是他們掙錢糊口的道具嗎？
--------------------------------------------
I'm still watching the youtube tutorial series of Tensorflow which is made by Hvass Laboratory.
I found that the speaker didn't cover every detail of the topic, 
since the length of the videos are quite limited.
I have to read throught the source code to have a deeper understanding of the example projects.
But there's detailed notifications in the code, it's not that difficult to understand.

I recently reviewed the weekly diary of the past year and found that I changed a lot during this period of time.
Yet I still don't have a clear answer to the question:
What I really want and What are really necessary to me?

I asked this question to myself in the begining of this year and kept thinking about it.
In my daily life and work I discovered that many people with high social status are actually living a terrible life.
They either spend their money on things that have no real value to them or got tricked by fraudulent investment and got stuck in to it.

The may say some boastful words in front of the public.
But if I closely exame those words, I'll find utter truth behind them.
It's obvious that they are not only telling lies to others, but also to themselves.

I can't help but to wonder wheter those  "successful figures" on the mass media are really living aprosperous and comfortable life.
How many of them are really happy.
Are those who surrounds them truly their friend or just someone who wants to take advantage of them?

Now I only know that I'll be jealous initially if I see that kind of luxury thins and life style.
But soon after that I won't. That doesn't worth it.

What are actually required to live a wonderful live in this world?
Do I have to throw away every thing I have, just like what monks said?
But those monk's word are actually making money for them, isn't it?
----------------------------------------
私はHvass Laboratoryから作られたTensorflow教学シリーズを観覧している。
ヴィデオの長さは二十分だけだから、
作者は教学用のプロジェクトに有る全ての細部を説明できない。
そのプロジェクトのSource codeをよく読むこそ、全面的な理解が出来る。
でも作者が作ったSource  codeには大量な注解が有るので、なかなか読みやすいです。

最近私はこの一年間の週間記事を回顧した。
今年で私は色々な方面で成長した。
しかし、私は今でもあの年初の問題：
”自分が欲しい、そして自分に必要な物”　を答えられないです。

生活や仕事の間、私は”多くの社会地位が高い人々は実際苦しい生活をしている”　と言う状況を見つかった。
彼らは稼いだ金で価値のない物を沢山買った、
あるいは儲けない投資にだまされて、多い金をなくした。

彼らは他人の前で事実と違い話をよく喋る、
でもその言葉を確り考えれば本当のことを気づかれる。
彼らは明らかに自己欺瞞の状態に入った。

マスコミから紹介した”成功した人たち”の中にいったい何人が本当に豊穣な、そして快適な生活をしているかな。
いったい何人が幸せを感じるか？
彼らの傍にいる人たちは本当の友か？それども彼らを利用するつもり人ですか？

私はその人たちの財富と名声を初見した途端はそれを羨ましいが、
よく考えた後はそうしないです。
このようで自在自得な生活をするため、いったい何が必要か？
