人力發電機MKVI的模型已經大功告成，
它具有一個連接直流馬達的齒輪箱，以四排直齒輪來驅動。

很不幸的是，在列印它的時候發生了一個意外:
加熱單元的溫度突然上不去，在經歷了一系列的檢查和重新開機之後仍然無法排除問題。

我原本以為這要花上一個星期才能解決，而且可能必須要購買替換零件，
但是在我把家熱棒元建拆下並且徹底分解之後，問題的根源被我找了出來。
原來是它的電源線在轉接頭的內部斷裂了，
當我把它重新組裝之後，加熱棒又恢復了原本的功能。
MKVI的製作得以繼續進行，目前已經完成大約七成左右。

這一台只花了7500NTD就入手的陽春3D列印機用到目前為止真的讓我覺得物超所值。
他雖然沒有雙噴頭或是其他高規格的零組件，甚至連家熱床都沒有，
但是對於只想使用無毒PLA材質的我來說已經是十分夠用的了，
而且它的列印品質已經算是優良。
反觀那些動輒上萬元的機台，出問題的機率也不小，而且由於結構複雜，
維修的難度和成本都高上許多。

買東西部一定要挑名牌或旗艦機種，有時候"夠用"而且"耐用"才是最佳選擇。

這次的印表機問題我其實也有在FB社群裡發問，但是和上周發起的討論串一樣，並未得到太多具體的結果，
畢竟這是自願性、免費加入的社團，而且人數也沒有非常多，
目前就先當作是累積自己經驗和實力，把帳號繼續經營下去吧。

--------------------------------------------
The hand-cranked generator MKVI is now fully modeled.
It has a gearbox which connects the DC motor and driven by 4 rows of rack gears.

Unfortunately, there was an accident while printing it out:
The heating unit suddenly failed to heat up the extruder.
Agter a series of examination and rebooting, the problem was still unresolved.

I thought it would take a week or more to fix and it might require purchasing new parts for replacement.

But when I throughly dissembled the heating rod of the printer, the cause of the problem became clear.
It was because the metal filament inside the adapter of the heating rod was broken.
Agter I repaired this part, the heating rod fully recovered its function and the printing of MKVI is continued.
The currnt printing progress is about 70 percent.

This entry-level 3D printer which costs me only 7500NTD really makes me feel that its value out weights its price.
Though it doesn't have dual-extruder or other fancy features and even the heat bed is not installed, it's quite enough for me since I only want to print with txin-free PLA filament.
Besides, it's printing quality is good enough.

To the contrary, those expensive printers which cost more than 30K have similar rate of failure.
Since those printers have more complex structures, the reparing costs more and is more difficult.

It's not necessary to always buy the brand-name goods or flagship product.
Those products which are "durable enough" and "viable enough" might be the best choices instead.

In fact, I did asked questions about the heating rod on the Facebook forum.
But I didn't get much significant response just like the post I created last week.
Since it's just a volunteer and free to join forum, which don't have too many members, I should not expect too much.
I'll just use it as a practicing tool for online networking.

----------------------------------
人力発電機MKVIの３Dモデルは完成しました。
それには一つDCモータと接続するギアボックスが有る、そして四本のRack gearで駆動する。

だがプリントの途中である事故が発生しました：
加温ユニとの温度が突然上がらない様になりました。
一連の検査とRebooを行った後、この問題は排除していませんでした。

私はこの問題の解決は一週間以上の時間が掛かる、そして交換用の部品を購入する必要があると思ったが、
Heating rodを完全に解体した後、問題の原因が判明された：
Heating rodのケーブルはプラグの中で割れた。
それを直して、再びHeating rodを元の通り組み立てた後、
Heating rod はもとの機能を回復しました。

これでMKVIの製作は再開できる、現在の完成度は七割ぐらいです。

この7500NTDだけで入手した３Dプリンタは今まで”お買い得品”とはいえるだろ。
あれにはDual extruderみたいな高級部品を搭載していません、そしてHot bed すら居ませんですが、
PLA材料だけ使えたい私にとって、このプリンタは充分使える。
それにことプリンタの精度は良いです。

対照してみると、その数万NTDが掛かるプリンタの故障率も低くない、
そしてその複雑な構造によって、修理の難易度とコストも高い。

高級ブランド品ばかり買う必要がないです。
使える、そして耐久性が十分ある品こそが最善の選択だと思っている。
