我們的土地訴訟案件進入了一個奇怪的轉折點，
首先由於我們沒落入那個無恥地政士的圈套，並未去辦理解除建築物套繪，
所以土地等於被鎖死，不只無法拍賣變價、就連分割都有困難，
另外相鄰的那一筆土地也有人補辦了建物套繪，導致那些地正是現在無計可施，
提告的那個地政士甚至沒有出席這次的口頭辯論，
如果他再次不出席，這個告訴就可能會被撤銷，
最後土地的狀態就會完全不變，這是對我們而言最有利的結局。

然而當初協助我們繪圖和辦理地籍測量的人卻翻了臉，
一直叫我們趕快去辦解除套繪，前後的態度簡直判若兩人，
他貌似自己也和某個地產開發商合作，想要把土地給賣掉。
好在之前我們沒有過度信任這個人而把重要的圖資與憑證交給他，
在這個社會上要把人看得透徹實在是太難了，
在顯漏真正意圖之前，根本就不知道一個人真正打的盤算為何。

我們目前就是要死守立場，讓這塊農地徹底鎖死，
不讓那些想炒地皮的惡棍得逞。

基於之前整體上最成功的mkiv模型，使用排齒輪的MKIX已經進入了建模的初步階段。
這一次我把直齒輪改造成herring bone結構來解決排齒輪的運行軌道固定問題，
原本在Blender的編輯上碰到了一些障礙，但是還是靠著不斷嘗試而解決了。

-----------------------------------------------
Our lawsuit has come to a strange turning point.
Since we didn't got fooled by that shameless land administration agent, 
we did not cancel the land registraion of our houses.
And therfore, this farmland is totally locked.
It not only cannot be sold by auction but also not devidable.
Some people who's living in the nearby land also registered their buildings.
This situation made that agent at his wits end.
He even did not show up at the second oral debate.

If he be absent again, the accusation might be dismissed.
The final result of our land will remain all the same, which is the most favorable result for us.

However, the person who helped us doing land measurement and mapping turned against us.
He urged us to remove the building's registration and his attitude totally changed.
It seems that he is also cooperating with other land developing groups and wants to sell his share of land.

It's fortunate that we didn't give too much trust to him and gave him imortant documents.
It's too difficult to see a person through.
Before he showed his own intensions, we can't knwo what he's planning.

What we should do now is to keep our proposal and let the land undevidable.
We must not let those land speculator get what they want.

Based on the MKVI, the most successful model until now, the model of MKIX is in initial stage of modeling.
This time I changed the rack gear's teeth into harring bone gear to solve the fixation problem of the rack.
I did encountered some problems while editing, but I solved them by continuous trial and error.

-------------------------------------
私たちの土地訴訟案件は一つ変な節目（ふしめ）に入った。
私たちはあの恥知らずの司法書士のを罠に掛かったことはないから、
建物登録を解除しなかった。
つまりこの土地は固定された。
オークションで売却できないところか、分割すら困難です。
隣の農地のある所有者も同じく建物登録を行われた。
こんな状況はあの司法書士をなすすべが知らない状態になれた。
今回の弁論もあいつは参加していない。
もしあいつがもう一度欠席をしたら、この訴訟案件は自動的に取り消される。
そして土地の状態は何の変動も起こらない。
これは私たちにとって一番有利な結果だ。

しかし最初で土地測定を協力した人は態度を変えた。
彼は私たちが早く建物登録を解除させることを促す始めた、まるで別人になったみたいだ。
彼はどこかの土地開発業者と手を組んだらしい。

幸い私たちはこの人をそれほど信用していなかっただから、重要な書類や証明文書を彼に渡さなかった。

人を完全に見抜くことは大変難しいです。
人が本当の目的を披露する前に、彼の考えは未知です。

今私たちがするべき事は自分の立場を固守することです。
この農地を守って、あの地上げ屋ドモの姦計を粉砕する。

今までパフォーマンスが一番良いモデルーーーMKVIを基にして、
MKIXのモデル編集作業は初期の段階に入った。
今回はRack gearの歯をHerring bone gearのように改造した。これでRackの方向固定問題を解決出来ると思う。
Blenderでの編集作業はある問題が発生したが、試行錯誤でなんとなく解決しました
