花了三周的時間，我終於看完了<<征服風險>>，
從羅馬時代的骰子賭局到現代的金融商品投機，其中的風險觀念越來越被人們所了解。

然而本書也帶來了一個不太樂觀的結論:
不確定性是不可控制的，而且做為決策者的人們受限於自己有限的理性和先天的各種心理機制，
反而可能在明確知道最佳且合理解決方案的情況下選擇完全不合理、但情感上較能夠接受的作法，
像是迴避有握力期望的風險或是在情況模糊之下選擇保守作風等等。
我自己也有許多類似的經驗，

面對未來，我到底願意承受多少風險呢?
我又該如何因應、管理這些風險呢?
這又是一個需要一生來解答的問題。

這七八個月以來累積閱讀的書籍和偶然產生的點字與想法被陸陸續續整理收錄進了我的Mindmap之中。
要維持這個習慣並且克服自己的惰性確實是不容易的。
而且我發現一個人的心智容量確實是非常有限的，
當我漸漸掌握Blender 建模的技巧和3D列印的切片與機器操作時，
和程式設計相關的知識和技能也在快速消退，
心智圖不可能讓我同時完美保有所有學過的知識和技能，
但能夠有一個外部性的記憶索引已經可以說是難能可貴了。

一個人是無法精通世上所有知識的，
有時就連專精一個事業所需的機能都顯得困難重重，
勢必要有其他人的協助才可能成功。
我現在正在Facebook 與Medium上面累積各種紀錄和心得，
目的就是要讓自己擁有能夠取信他人的本錢，
既然累積人脈是對我而言最困難的一個課題，
那我就索性在這條路上使勁地犯錯，用力的嘗試和失敗吧。

-------------------------------------------------------
It took me three weeks to finish reading <<Agains the gods, the extraordinary stories of risk>>.
From dice games of Roman era to current finance speculation, the concept of risk is getting more and more clear to mankind.

But this book also brings a conclusion which is not so optimistic:
The uncertainty will never be controllable and the person who make decisions will be hindered by his limited rationality and psychological mechanisms.
He might choose th emotially comfortable choice while knowing there is more reasonable alternative choices.
Things like risk and ambiguiety evasion are the best examples.
I do have many similar experiences.

Facing the future, I wonder how much risk I would take and how do I manage and respond to these risks.
This would be another question that would take my whole life to answer.

I subsequently recorded the books I'v read and ideas I came up with during the past 7 months.

It's not easy to overcome lazyness and keep doing this.
I also discovered that the mental capacity of my mind is in fact quited limited.
When I gradually exceled in 3D modeling and maneuver of 3D printers, the knowledge and skills in programming faded away.
The mindmap won't be able to let me preserve all skills that I've learned.
But it's good enough to have a external memory index, which I can search with key words.

One can't expertise in all things.
Sometimes it's even impossible to acquire all skills needed to start up a new business.
The help from other people is crucial.
The reason why I'm building the records of my experiments and ideas on Facebook and Medium is exactly accumulating capital which makes me more persuasive.
Since networking is the hardest task to me, I'd rather keep trying and failing until I success.

-------------------------------------------
三週間を掛かって私はついに＜＜Against the gods＞＞を読みきった。
ローマ時代のサイコロゲームから現代の金融商品投機まで、
リスクと言う概念はますます明白になった。

しかしこの本は一つあんまり楽観的ではない結論を出した：
不確定性は永遠に制御出来ないです。
そして対策を決める人は自分自身の”有限な理性”と様々な心理学的なメカニズムによって、もっと合理的な選択があると知っているまま、
不合理が感情に納得できる選択肢を選ぶ。

Risk evasionなどの行為はその証です。
私にもこんな経験が沢山有る。
私は一体どれぐらいのリスクを受けられるのか？
そしてどうやってそのリスクを管理するか？
これもまた人生をかけてしか回答できる問題です。

この数月間で読んだ本と偶然考えついたアイディアを次々私のMindMapに記録しました。
自分の怠惰心を抑えてこの習慣を続けるのは容易ではない。
それに私は自分の脳の容量がかなり有限であることを確かめた。
Blenderで３Dモデルを編集する技術と３Dプリント関連の知識がだんだん上手になる同時に、マシンラーニングとプログランミングの技術は消えていく。
MindMapは私が学んだ技術を全て保存できない。
でも一つ外部的な記憶インデックスとしては充分貴いです。

一人はこの世の全ての知識を掌握出来ない。
時々一つの商売に必要な技能を精通することすら出来ない。
他の人からの協力が必要だ。
いまFBとMediumで作っている記録と文章は自分の努力の証明、
そして他人を説得するための資本です。
人脈つくりが私は一番難しい課題なら、
いっそこの道で一杯試して、成功するまで失敗し続けよう。
