這一次的水力發電試驗被移到了戶外，
我採用了2.8公尺的水頭高度，並且對其中一個噴嘴進行了改造，
結果這次的電力輸出大幅度增加，
水頭只增加了原本的五成，但是電力的輸出瓦數卻變成了原本的七倍。
pELTON水輪機果然如文獻上所說的，適合用於高水頭/水壓的狀況。

但是我最高也只能把水頭高度提到4公尺，
而且光是這一次的2.8M高度就讓我在設置管路時吃了不少苦頭，
軟水管和應pvc管之間的接合和固定也是個問題，
最關鍵的是這次的輸出也只有0.7~0.8Watt/Sec，
在不使用加壓手段的條件下，Pelton水輪機恐怕無法勝任。

我最後在StackExchange發了一篇文章，描述了我的試驗結果。

並且詢問了有關Kaplan/Francis 水輪機的問題。
我目前正在研究Kaplan和Francis水輪機的資料，
看看他們再怎樣的規模夏能夠達到10~8W/Sec 的發電量。

我已經招到了一個可印出的Francis水輪機3D模型，
但是Francis和Kaplan水輪機不只需要設計良好的turbine，
就連Casing 也很講究，
二者勢必都需要使用3D列印來製作，
按照上次代印的經驗，收費恐怕會逼近三千到四千，
我正在考慮是否要購入一台平價的3D列印機，
目前物色的對象是Anycubic的kossel，
金額在7500NTD左右
------------------------------------
This time the hydropower experiment is performed at outdoor.
The hydraulic head is 2.8meters.
I imroved one of the nozzles.
The resulting electricity output is far better than last time.
The height was only increased by 50% but the power generated was 7 times higer.
Just like what textbooks said, the Pelton turbines are indeed suitable for high hydraulic head situations.

However, I can only raise the hydraulic head up to 4 meters,
and the 2.8meter setting is already troublesome enough.
The fixation and conjunction of poly tube and PVC pipes also caused some issues.
The most crucial thing is that the electricity output is only 0.7~0.8 Watt/Sec.

Without using any pressure-increasing method, the Pelton turbine may not be able to achieve my goal.
﻿I posted an article on stack Exchange and described the results of my experiments.
I also askd some questions about Francis/ Kaplan turbines.

I'm now studying about Kaplan and Francis type systems.
I want to know what kind of setting can make them achieve 10~8W output.

I already found a printable 3D model of Francis turbine on the internet.
But the Francis and Kaplan hydrowoer systems require both the turbine and casing to be well made.
To achive such quality, they must be totally made by 3D-printing.

Judging from the experience of 3D printg service last time, the cost of such system might approach 3 to 4K NTD.

I'm know considering about buying a 3D printer.
The kossel from Anycubic wchich costs about 7500NTD is my current target.
-----------------
今回の実験は室外で行われた。
Hydraulic head の高さは２．８メートルでした。
そして私は予定通り、一つの噴水口を改善しました。
今度の発電結果には前回より大幅な増加がある。
Hydraulic headの高さを五割だけ増やしたけど、
輸出のパワーが七倍になりました。
ペルトンタービンはやはり書類の通り、高Hydraulic headの関係に相応しいです。

だが高さを増えろうとしても、４メートルが私の限界です。
それに２．８メートルの高さは既に色々なトラブルを生み出した。
PVC管とPoly管との接続や固定することなども大変でした。
一番肝心なのは、今回の電力出力は０．７～０．８Watt/Secだけでした。
水圧を他の方法で増圧しないと、ペルトンタービンは恐らく私の目標を達成出来ないだろう。

私はStack Exchangeで一つの文章を作った、
今回の実験の結果を述べた。
そしてKaplan/Francisタービンについて問題を聞きました。

私は今Kaplan/Francisタービンを研究している。
１０～８Watt/Secの輸出をどうやって達成できるかと調べている。

私は既に一つプリント可能のFrancisタービンの3Dファイルを取得しました。
でもFrancisとKaplanには複雑なCasingが必要です。
つまりタービンとCasing両方も３Dプリントで作るしかないです。
先回の経験から見れば、３Dプリントの料金は3、4千NTDを越える。

今は一つ低価格の３Dプリンターに注目している、それはAnycubicのKosselです。
値段は７５００NTDぐらいです。
