這一週在ACFit上面我沒有太大的進展，
除了等待3D列印機到貨之外，就是用Blender去修改Francis水輪機的3D模型了。
因為只是在原本的外殼加上固定用的零件還有修正孔徑的大小，
所以我很快就把模型檔案修改好了，接下來就是等待列印機到貨和把東西列印出來了。

從開始工作起算的這幾年，一方面出於興趣，一方面是為了在工作環境發生變故時有所準備，我一直在探索著各種技能和知識，
從極容易入門的園藝到程式設計、電腦視覺、人工智慧、甚至是網路安全。
另外社會工程和心理學都有所涉略，
這些東西滿足了我對知識的癮頭，但是並沒有真正的達到實踐、實用的層次。

依方面這些技術的變動性也太大了，
五年前的開源字元辨識大概就屬Tesseract了，但是類神經網路技術突破之後，
用一個簡單的神經網路就能達成任務，
而且網路上可用的訓練資料庫也越來越多，
再過個五年又不知道會有哪種平台來取代現金的機器學習了。

另外有一些像是心智圖、筆記術、時間管理的技能到是反過來，
並不是那麼的頻繁變動，
但他們卻是一種知易行難的工夫，就像是在鍛鍊身體一樣。
如果養成了習慣，功力就會一步步的累積起來。

如果要知道我自己能不能靠這些技能達到成功，
就必須承受無數次的失敗了。

-----------------------------------
I didn't make too much progress in ACFit this week.
Besides waiting for the 3D printer I bought, I only edited the 3D model files of the Francis turbine.
Because it only required changing hole diameters and adding parts for conjuction, the editing didn't take long.
All I have to do next is printing the model after I get the 3D printer up and running.

Since I started working, I was always exploring new skills and technologies.
One reason is due to my curiosity, another reason is that I wanted to prepare myself in case of any kind of drastic changes that might happen to my job.

Fron gardening, which is easy to learn, to the comp8uter programming, computer vision, machine learning, and cyber security,
I devoured tons of information.
I even explored social engineering and psychology.

By accessing these knowledge, I quenched  my thirst for information.
But I nev er achieved the practical level and had no meaningful results.

On one hand, the change in these technologies was enormous.
5 years ago, the most famous opensource OCR project would be Tessaract.
But since the break through of neural networks, one simple neural network can do far better than Tesseract.
The training data sets are getting more and more available.
It's hard to say what kind of technology platform will dominate this area in next 5 years.

On the other hand, the skills like mindmapping, note taking, time management are quite the opposite.
They don't change that often and are easy to learn,
but they are extremely difficult to practice.
Just like building up muscles, pain and sore will follow.
If the habit is formed, the power of these skills will become accumulative.

The only way to know whether I can achieve success with these skills  and knowledge is to endure the endless failures in the future.
--------------------------------------
ACFitについて、私はあんまり多き進展をとっていませんでした。
注文した３Dプリンタを待つ以外、私はただFrancisたーびんの３Dモデルを編集しました。
元の外殻に固定用のパーツを加えるとホールのサイズを修正するだけでいいだから、少しの時間でモデルの改造は完成しました。
後はプリンタでモデルをプリントするだけだ。

仕事を始めたこの数年、私はいずも色々な技術と知識を求めていた。
一方は趣味の故、一方は仕事の環境に劇的な変化が現れるときの準備だから。
入門が易い園芸からコンピュータプログランミング、電脳視覚、そしてマシンラーニングまで学びました。
サイバーセキュリティ、社会工程、心理格も渉猟したことは有る。
これらは私の知識欲を満足したが、私は実践、実用のレベルへたどり着かなかった。
﻿だがこれらの技術は変動性が高すぎる。
五年前のOpensourceのOCRプロジェクトと言えばTesseractが一番有名でした。
けどNeural Networkの技術が改善された後。
一つ簡単なNetworkでOCRが出来る。
そしてネット上に使えるトッレニンデータセットはますます増えている。
五年後何かが主流の技術になるのは誰にも知らない。

もう一つの方で、マイドマップ、ノート技術、時間管理などの技能はその逆です。
このような技術に変動はそんなに頻繁ではない。
それらは分かり易いけど、長期間実行することが非常に難しいです。
まるで筋肉を鍛錬するように、もし習慣付けるならその技術の効果が一歩一歩重ねる。

自分が所持している技術と知識で成功を取れるか取れないかと知りたいなら、
やはり無数の失敗を耐えるしかない。
