目前手搖發電機MKII的模型以印出九成以上的零件，初步的組裝也已完成。
然而我在一處細節上出了差錯，設定了錯誤的距離，
因此需要重製其中的幾個零件。
另外我在前幾周加入了幾個FB上面的3D列印社團，
目前的感覺是討論風氣還算正面，但人氣不太高。
社團裡面確實有一些高手，近期就先慢慢藉著分享自己的試驗歷程和結果來拉近和這個社群的距離吧。

鄉下的人情世故和都市比起來其實更加醜陋，
書籍和文章之所以會歌頌、美化鄉下是因為作者想要靠捏造出這些根本就不存在的世外桃源來賺錢或是吸引注意力。
如果鄉村真的那麼美好就不會發生人口外移之類的事了。

最近自家所處的土地陷入的土地分割的訴訟案，提告的是個地政士，
他靠著法拍弄到了一小部分的土地所有權，
接著就故意提起了訴訟。
這個人甚至還想誘騙我們拿出土地與房屋權狀，
這些東西光是副本就能成為抵押貸款詐騙的工具，
他還想讓土地的其他共有人走完全不利的拍賣程序，目的是要圖利背後和他合作的土地開發商，
這真的驗證了那句老話:
最常犯罪且最精通此道的就是那些學法律的人。

有一部分的親戚也很糟糕，欠了貸款和債務不還，一心想把繼承到的祖產變現。
承租這一代農地的稻農自己也是素行不良，欠了一屁股賭債。

鄉下的風景有時候在隔著一段距離遠眺時會讓人有點美的錯覺，
但是只要靠近一看，那些噁心、醜陋的細節就會浮現，特別是牽扯到人的時候。
---------------------------
Ninety percent of the crank generator MKII parts are printer.
The initial assembly was also completed.
But I made a mistake on a small part of the design and caused wrong distance setting.
Therefor, I'll have to remake some of the parts.

I've joined several 3D printing clubs on the Facebook for a couple of weeks.
Currently I feel the the atmosphere of discussion is nice.
But there were not many people who joined the discussion.
There are indeed some skilled 3D designers among the members.
I'll ry to get closer to the community by sharing my experiment results.



---------------------------
花了三周的時間，我終於看完了<<征服風險>>，
從羅馬時代的骰子賭局到現代的金融商品投機，其中的風險觀念越來越被人們所了解。

然而本書也帶來了一個不太樂觀的結論:
不確定性是不可控制的，而且做為決策者的人們受限於自己有限的理性和先天的各種心理機制，
反而可能在明確知道最佳且合理解決方案的情況下選擇完全不合理、但情感上較能夠接受的作法，
像是迴避有握力期望的風險或是在情況模糊之下選擇保守作風等等。
我自己也有許多類似的經驗，

面對未來，我到底願意承受多少風險呢?
我又該如何因應、管理這些風險呢?
這又是一個需要一生來解答的問題。

這七八個月以來累積閱讀的書籍和偶然產生的點字與想法被陸陸續續整理收錄進了我的Mindmap之中。
要維持這個習慣並且克服自己的惰性確實是不容易的。
而且我發現一個人的心智容量確實是非常有限的，
當我漸漸掌握Blender 建模的技巧和3D列印的切片與機器操作時，
和程式設計相關的知識和技能也在快速消退，
心智圖不可能讓我同時完美保有所有學過的知識和技能，
但能夠有一個外部性的記憶索引已經可以說是難能可貴了。

一個人是無法精通世上所有知識的，
有時就連專精一個事業所需的機能都顯得困難重重，
勢必要有其他人的協助才可能成功。
我現在正在Facebook 與Medium上面累積各種紀錄和心得，
目的就是要讓自己擁有能夠取信他人的本錢，
既然累積人脈是對我而言最困難的一個課題，
那我就索性在這條路上使勁地犯錯，用力的嘗試和失敗吧。

-------------------------------------------------------
It took me three weeks to finish reading <<Agains the gods, the extraordinary stories of risk>>.
From dice games of Roman era to current finance speculation, the concept of risk is getting more and more clear to mankind.

But this book also brings a conclusion which is not so optimistic:
The uncertainty will never be controllable and the person who make decisions will be hindered by his limited rationality and psychological mechanisms.
He might choose th emotially comfortable choice while knowing there is more reasonable alternative choices.
Things like risk and ambiguiety evasion are the best examples.
I do have many similar experiences.

Facing the future, I wonder how much risk I would take and how do I manage and respond to these risks.
This would be another question that would take my whole life to answer.

I subsequently recorded the books I'v read and ideas I came up with during the past 7 months.

It's not easy to overcome lazyness and keep doing this.
I also discovered that the mental capacity of my mind is in fact quited limited.
When I gradually exceled in 3D modeling and maneuver of 3D printers, the knowledge and skills in programming faded away.
The mindmap won't be able to let me preserve all skills that I've learned.
But it's good enough to have a external memory index, which I can search with key words.

The true face of the people in the countryside is actually uglier than in cities.
The reason why books and articles praise and beautify the countryside is because the authors want to earn money or fame and attention.
If countryside is really that good, there won't be problems like depopulation.

Recently my home got involved in lawsuit of subdivision.
The accusor is a land administrative agent, who acquired a small portion of the land through foreclosure.
He even wanted to fool us, tried to let us provide hime the certifications of the land and house.
These certifications may become tools to create a mortgage loan fraud.
He also wanted to let some of the landlords sell their land by auction, which is not favorable for landlords.
And the purpose of this man is to help the property developer get cheaper land.

Those who commit crimes often and excelled in it are the people who understand law the best.

Some of our relatives are also horrible.
They have loans and debt and never paid for them.
The rice farmer who rent farmland around this region is also terrible.
He owe a large amout of gambling debt.

The scenery of the countryside might sometimes look good from a distance.
But when you look closer, the ugly and disgusting details will emerge.

-----------------------------------------------------------
人力発電機MKIIのモデルは既に九割完成した。
初めの組みたつも完成です。
しかし私は一部分の細部でミスをやった。
その故でそのパーツを再製する必要がある。

数週間前で私は若干の３Dプリント関連のクラブに参加しました。
今の感想はその討論の雰囲気が悪くない。でも人気はあんまり高くないです。
そのメンバーの中には確かにモデルデザインの職人がいる。
今はゆっくり自分の実験成果を分け合うことでこのコミュニティとの距離お手繰り込もう。

田舎の人情事情は本当に都市より醜いです。
本と文章が田舎を謳歌する原因はその作者たちが金を稼ぎたい、あるいは人の注意を引きたいだけだ。
のし田舎がそんなにいい場所なら、人口流失などの問題が起こらないだろう。

最近私の家が居る土地は訴訟に陥った。
原告は一人の司法書士。
彼は競売で一部分の土地所有権を手に入った、そして訴訟を始めた。
この人はさらに私たちから土地所有権免許を取りたいでした。
これは副本だけで土地抵当が出来るものです。
それにこの男は他の土地所有者を騙して、その土地を競売の形で売ることを謀った。
その目的はこの男と組んだ土地開発会社に有利な価格を提供するためです。

やはり違法行為を一番頻繁にする人は法律を一番理解できる人たちだ。

一部分の親戚も酷い人です、散々借金をしたままで返済をしない。
このあたりの畑を耕す農民も素行不良です、賭博による大きいな借金を背負っている。

田舎の風景は遠いから見れば時々美しさと言う幻覚が生むが。
近く見ると、その吐き気が出そうな正体が現れる。
