在把3D列印機運回家以後，原本以為可以一帆風順的把所有零件通通都給印出來，
但一開始就碰上了麻煩，有兩支負責支撐噴頭的連桿斷裂了，
雖然出貨的廠商願意寄送修理零件，但還是讓人有些不舒服。
我自己用熱融膠嘗試性的修補了連桿，
沒想到還真的被我修好了。

它畢竟是一台價值七八千塊的機器，讓我在測試操作的時後趕到有些緊張。
好在目前的3d列印教學資源很豐富，仍然可以找到我需要的資訊。
不過我因為沒有考慮到韌體和切片軟體的相容性，
用了最新的Ultimaker Cura3.x 去製作切片檔，
但是印表機的韌體還停留在cura15.04版的狀態，
好在我及時把印表機停下，沒讓異常的馬達動作損壞印表機。

接下來我又碰上了水輪機其中一個零件無法產生切片檔的問題，
在多般嘗試以後才發現是預覽時看不到的底座超出列印邊界所造成的，
後來也成功的產生了切片檔。

我在進行列印時也發現了3D列印的致命傷...速度。
光是一個結構簡單的蓋子就花了接近兩個小時，
而電腦切片軟體更估計水輪機的外殼要費時13個小時，
小小的零件就要花一整天才能完成，難怪3D列印的應用仍然非常受侷限。

整體上來說，購入這台機器仍是正確的選擇，
因為我這次要印的四個零件如果用3D代印的服務，
費用恐怕會在六到七千塊左右，
而且我還可能需要再視情況印出修改後的零件，
整體的列印成本說不定會超過八千元。
--------------------------------------------
After carrying the 3D printer home, 
I thought I could print all parts at once withouth any trouble.
But troubles emerged at the very beginning.
There were two rods, which are the support of the nozzle unit, got damaged.
Although the seller was willing to send me the parts to repare it, it still annoyed me a bit.

Before receiving the parts, I fixed the rods with hot glue.
And suprisingly, it worked.

Since the printer costs 8to 7K TWD, I got nervous when I was testing its functions.
Fortunately, I can still find the necessary tutorials and information opn the internet.

But I still made some mistakes.
I ignored the compatibility between firmware of printer and the slicing software.
I ended up using gcode generated by latest Cura but the the printer supports only CuraV15.04.
This caused abnormal motor movements.
Luckily, I stopped the printer in time and avoided potential damage.

Short after that, I bumped in to another problem.
One of the 3D model cannot be sliced.
After several times of try and error, I discovered the reason was because the base layer, which is invisible in preview mod, exceeded the boundary of printing space.
The gcode got generated shhortly after I fixed the problem.

During the printing phase, I found the main drawback of 3D printing... the speed.

One simple backplate takes about two hours to print.
When it comes to the housing of turbine, the slicing software estimated that it may take 13 hours.
It takes so much time to print the parts.
No doubt the application of 3D printing is limited.

Generally speaking, buying this printer is still the right choise.
Since I need 4 pieces to create the Francis turbine system and I might have to print additional parts in the future,
the price would exceed 8K NTD if I choose 3D printing services.
-------------------------------------
３Dプリンタを家へ運べた後、私は全てのタービンのパーツを一気に完成させることが出来ると思った。
だがプリンタを使い始めた途端、問題が発生しました。
射出ユニとを支える柱が二本壊れていた。
プリンタの売主は修理用の部品を無力で提供すると承諾したが、
なんだか不快だった。

私は自力でグルーがんを使って柱を修理して見た。
ちょっと意外だが、修理は成功しました。

このプリンタの値段は七、八千NTDだから、操作する際は緊張していた。
幸い現在の３ｄプリンタ教学はとても普遍です、
私が知りたいことは探しやすいでした。

でも私はプリンタのFirmwareとSlicingSoftwareとの対応性に気を付かず、
最新のCuraでGcodeを生成した、そして古いヴァージョンのFirmwareでプリントしました。
その結果はプリンタが異常な動きをはじめた。
直ちにプリント任務を中止したのおかげでプリンタは壊れなかった。

その後、わたしはまた”パーツの３DモデルをSliceできない”と言う問題を遭遇しました。
色々調べた後、Preview で見えない最下層のサッポト　レーヤがプリント区域の限界を超えたことが原因だと分かりました。
問題を解決した後、Gcodeを成功に生成しました。

プリンタを使う際、３Dプリントの致命的な欠陥－速度を認識しました。
３Dプリンタが一つ簡単な構造を持つ蓋を作った際は二時間を掛かった。
そしてCuraでタービンの外殻のプリント時間を予測すると、十三時間が掛かると言う結果を得た。
この欠陥は３Dプリンタの普及化を大変下がるでしょ。

全体から見れば、このプリンタを購入することは正しい選択でした。
タービンシステムのパーツとサポート用のパーツを全部３Dプリントサービスを採用すれば、
プリント料金は恐らく八千NTDを超えるだろう。
