在後續幾個水輪機零件的製作上，
這台3d列印機的表現和我當初的期望相符，
成品表面的平整度是比不上數萬元的專業機台，
但是作為製造驗證概念用的模型已經足夠。

在零件中體積最大的Housing費時12小時半，
而Runner則是因為有些部位中途傾倒而失敗了兩次。
最後我算了一下把所有水輪機本體零件列印出來的時間，總共消耗了二十一個小時以上。
這再一次證明了選擇購入3D列印機是正確的選擇。

這一組水輪機零件都是用非常緊密的方式結合，
在Runner和Housing之間出現了因過緊而動彈不得的狀況，
後來是靠砂紙打磨來克服。

這整個系統如果要順利運轉，尚需要加上發電機的固定架，
為此我同時使用了FreeCAD和Blender來製作所需的3D模型，
在建模的時候出了不少狀況，因為Blender的Vertices常常會在編輯的過程中變得異常複雜，
而過度複雜的Vertice結構在後續操作的時候又會出現錯誤，
因此我同時並用了Blender和FreeCad來互補，
當然，這樣一來我又得花很多工夫去學習他們的操作了。

在這個四月份大部份的精力都花在3D列印和Francis水輪機的製作上，
探索3d列印計數的過程中有苦惱也有驚喜，
然而不能忘記的是整個計畫的重點是製作怡個可運轉並族以為USB裝置充電的系統，
也就是ACFit的原型。

-----------------------------
During the process of making the subsequent parts of the Francis turbine, the 3D printer achieved my expectation.
The smothness of the printed products' surfaces were indeed rougher than the professional printers which costs alot.
But the overall quality is good enough for making a model to prove my concept.

The turbine housing, which is the largest part in the system, 
took more than twelve hours to finish.
As for the runner, it failed two times due to partial collapse of one component.
The printing time of the system in total was about 21 hours.
This a gain proved my choice of buying a 3D printer to be reasonable.
The parts of the turbine system are combined in an extremely tight manner and the housing got stucked to the runner.
I fixed it by grounding the surface of these two parts.

In order to  make the system up and running, I still nneed additional parts to support the motor.
I used both FreeCAD and Blender to create the 3D model and got plenty of troubles.
Because the vertices in Blender after editing often becom abnormally complex and such structure will cause error at the subsequent operations.
That's why I used both Blender and FreeCAD.
Of course, this took me additional time to learn how to use them.

This April I spent most of my time and effort on 3D printing and the making of a Francis turbine system.
The process of discovering 3D printing technology contains both joy and distress.
But I should never forget that the goal of ACFic project is to build an operatable system which can charge up usb devices.
-------------------------------------
他のタービン部品をプリントした間、この３Dプリンタのパフォーマンスは私の予想通りでした。
プリントした製品の表面の平滑度は工業級の高いプリンタほどではないが、
概念証明用のモデルを作るためなら十分に良いでした。

パーツの中に一番大きいのHousingは１２時間以上のプリント時間を掛かった。
タービン本体の方は有る部位が𤛔倒したせいで二回失敗しました。
全システムが掛かった時間は二十一時間以上でした。
これも自分が３Dプリンタを購入したことは正しい選衠だと証明しました。

このタービンシステムのパーツは非常にきつい形で組み合わせた。
RunnerとHousingとの間できつすぎると言う原因でRunnerが動かない?]況が𣊫生しました。
パーツをサンドペーパーで磨いた後、問題は解決しました。

このシステムをうまく稼動させるには、まだモータの固定用台座が必要です。
そのために私はどうじにFreeCadとBlenderを使って３Dモデルを作りました。
モデルを製作した間で色々なトラブルを遭遇しました。
BlenderのVerticesは常に編集の間で異常に複熌な構造になります。
あの複熌すぎる構造はその後の作業でErrorを生み出す。
その故で私はFreeCADとBlenderを同時に採用しました。
勿論、枏方のソフトウェアを?ぶために大量な時間を掛かった。

今月は大部分の時間を３DプリントとFrancisタービンの製作に投入しました。
３Dプリント技術の領域への探索は私に喜びと苦しみを与えた。
しかし私は決して本?Sの目標を忘れません、
それはACFITの原型を作ることです。
