在Blender上MKIV的建模已經完成，目前印出來的零件品質大致可以接受，
但是這一兩天在使用新的一捲PLA線材時發生了令人很不愉快的狀況，
這捲深藍色PLA明顯對於底板的附著力不夠，老是產生破圖的狀況，
不同的色料果然會造成線材的表現差異，
最後我用回無色PLA，成功製作了原本印壞的零件，

這一次的模型由於零件較多且大，要完全完成可能還需要數天的時間。

這一年我把汽車的駕駛練習降到一個月兩到三次，
雖然不至於讓自己忘了怎麼開車，但是對於車子行進的控制、距離的掌握、
以及突發狀況的反應都變弱了，原本我以為把車練好以後自然就會到處跑，
但是沒想到這一整年下來除了例行的練車外，根本就沒有任何形成，
也沒有再去哪個景點遊玩。

那些每個月都要四處跑景點的人絕對會覺得我的生活方式乏味到了極點吧，
但是我寧願把時間花在研究自己在意的主題上，
更何況有太多的景點照片其實多是靠攝影技術拍出來的，
有時看到一些我曾到過的地方被拍成根本不符合實際肉眼所見的景象的時候還真的是令我啼笑皆非。

駕駛技術是為了緊急或是必要狀況而練的，
沒必要為了跟流行而去把自己弄得累個半死。

----------------------------------------------------------
Modeling of MKIX on Blender is completed.
The parts printed out have acceptable quality.
But during these couple of days, I encounted irritating situations when I'm printing with aq new  PLA filament.
This roll of deep blue colored PLA obviously have very bad adhesion to the printing platform.
It always have problems of incomplete layer.

Different color dye indeed caused significant difference in printing performance.

Eventually I used colorless PLA filament and successfully printed the parts I wanted to make.

MKIX have more parts which is large in size.
It may still take a few more days to complete.

This year I reduced the frequency of my driving practice to twice or thrice permonth.
Though this didn't made me forget how to drive, my control of the car's movement, sense of distance, and the reactions to accidental events were degraded.

I thought I would drive all around naturally when I practice it well.
But besides the routine driving practice, I almost did no car trips at all and I never visited any tourist spot this year.

To those who must go traveling monthly to prevent getting bored to death, my life style must be mortally boring.

But I'd rather spend my time on the topics that I'm interested in.
There are too many scenery imagines that are actually created by photography skills.
Sometimes when I see pictures that make places which I've been to into places that don't really exist,
I feel rediculous.
My driving skill is for emergency and necessary situations.
I don't have to get myself exhausted by traveling.

------------------------------------
BlenderでMKIXのモデル作りは完成した。
今までプリントされたパーツの品質は合格でした。
でもこの数日間で新しいPLA　Filamentを使用した際、不愉快な状況が出た。
あの青いPLA FilamentはプリンタのPlatformへの粘着性が低すぎた。
何時も破裂が発生していた。
違う色の染料はやはりFilamentのパフォーマンスに多き影響を与える。

私は最後で無色のPLAであのパーツを成功に再製した。
MKIXのモデルにはパーツが大きくて多いですから、完成には未だ数日の時間が掛かる。

今年私は車の運転練習の頻度を一月二、三回位にした。
車の操縦方法を忘れなくなるほどではないが、
車の制御と距離の目測、そして緊急事態に対しの反応も弱くなりました。
私は”運転が上手になれば、自然に車を使う頻度が上昇する”と思っていたが。
この一年で例の運転練習以外、殆ど車で旅行へ行くことはなかった。

毎月で必ず一度旅行へいく人たちはきっと私の生活を退屈だと思うだろう。
でも私は旅行より、自分が研究したいものを専念したい。
それに今の風景の写真は写真技術によって出来た物が多い。
時々自分が居たことの有る場所が有り得ない状態に改造された写真を見ると、
本当に呆れる。
