我已經把手搖發電機MKIII的零件印出了七成左右，另外網購的橋式整流器也已經到貨，
這一兩周應該就可以完成MKIII的製作和測試。

然而不可避免的事仍然發生了:
有些零件因為誤差而產生了無法組裝在一起的情形，而這次的誤差是由於切片和列印方向所造成的，
FDM型的3D列印本來就不可能完美的產生平整的縱切面，
當兩個組合零件之間的空易很小時，就會出現這種窘境，
3D列印確實和其他製造方法一樣需要大量的知識和經驗，並不如大眾所想像的那麼萬能。

關於土地分割的案件，有一些共有人之中也出現了和那個地政士以及開發商站在同一邊的人，
他們有的是欠債想拿祖產變賣，有的是所有權在A地，房子卻蓋在B地上，搞了一堆亂七八糟的事情。

台灣的農地被財團巧取豪奪之後炒作出售的事情已經不是新聞了，
貝奪取的土地也根本不會被拿來進行農業生產。
我家雖然沒有再出售農產品，但好歹是種了許多的果樹和作物，
在法官來會勘的時候也能很有自信的展示農用的事實。

不過那些臉皮厚得打不穿、心子黑的不見底的圈地集團成員最懂得法律，
和專搞法律的那些騙子也最熟，而且手段多的是，
和這群惡棍之間的鬥爭可能還要持續一段時日。

-------------------------------------------
Now I've finished printing seventy percent of parts of hand-cranked generator MKIII.
And the bridge rectifier I bought online were also arrived.
I should be able to finish the MKIII an test it in this week.

However, the inevitable things still happened:
Some parts were unable to be assembled together due to bias.
And the bias was caused by the orientation of slicing and printing.

The FDM type of 3D printing is unable to create perfectly smooth surface for vertical faces of the product.
When the space between the joined parts are too small, such incompatibility problem will rise.
Just like other manufacturing methods, 3D printing require large amount of experience and knowledge.
It's not as miraculous as what people imagined about.

About the land lawsuit, there were some landlord who sided with the land administration agent and real estate developer.
Some of them want to paythe debt with their inherited land, and some have illegal houses, which do not locate at the regitstered position.
These people will sell everything to get cash, including their dignity, which is already scarce.

It's already not a news that farm lands in Taiwan got robbed by corporations and then sold with  bloated prices.
Those lands will not be used in agriculture after they got robbed.

My family do not sell our crops, but at least we cultivate lots of frut trees and vegetables.
When th judge came to our land for site investigation, we were pretty confident that this land is used for agricultral purposes.

But those land thieves at might still have to continue for a while.

------------------------------------------
手動発電機MKIIIのパーツは既に七割完成しました。
ちなみにネットで買ったBridge rectifierも入荷しました。
来週でMKIIIの製作と試行を完成させることは可能です。

しかし不可避のことはやはり起こった。
有るパーツは誤差にによって組み合わせない状態になった。
そして今回の誤差はSlicingとプリントの方向によって発生した。
FDM型の３Dプリントはもともと縦断面を完璧な平面にすることが出来ないです。
パーツとパーツとの間の空間が狭すぎるとこんな状況が出る。
３Dプリントは他の製作方法と同じ、大量な知識と経験が必要です。
一般人が想像している”万能な物作り法”と違うです。

土地の訴訟案件について、一部分の土地共有者はあの司法書士と手を組んだ。
彼らの中に有る人は借金を遺産で返済した。
あるものは建物の居る場所が登録された位置と全然違っている、つまり違法な建物だ。

台湾の農地が財団に奪われた後高い価格で転売されることはモハヤ新聞ではない。
奪われた土地は全然農業の木手煮に利用されていない。
うちは農産品を売っていないが、ちゃんと様々な果樹と作物を植えている。
裁判官が現場調査のためこちへ来た時は農業用の事実を証明できる。

でもあの恥を知らずな土地詐欺師らは法律を良く知っている。
奴らは手段を選ばぬ。
この悪党たちとの闘争はしばらく終わらないようだ。
