原本我只預期會拿到一個Pelton turbine，但結果3d代印業者寄給我兩個水輪機，
他們的材質為PLA，結構比想像中還要來得堅固，
我原本設定的軸孔為3mm，但是仍有誤差，在使用了鑽孔機修正後成宮安裝了不鏽鋼轉軸。
因為選用了0.2mm的層高，葉片表面的分層有點明顯，
不過整體來說列印成品的品質算是不錯的。

經過數次設計上的修正之後，通用兩種大小turbine的外殼也順利完成了，
我在一個早上進行了計劃已久的運轉實驗，
採用1.8公尺左右的水頭高度，但是結果仍然不盡理想。

首先是我自製的水輪機，它最高只產生了0.1V的電流，比之前的微型發電機的電壓還要低，
我想這應該是由於扇葉數過少所造成的，
而且這次的發電機是大電流的775電機，在轉速不夠的情況下電壓是上不來的。

接下來測試3D列印的水輪機的結果又更差了，
首先引道水流的噴嘴管路有滲漏的狀況，而且入射角度也不理想，
不太能配合這一個水輪機的方位，
水柱的粗細並非最佳比例，
這使得發電的效率比不上我自製的大扇葉水輪機，
因應這個結果，我會蟲心製作一個是和小水輪機的外殼系統，並且修改出適合的噴嘴。
目前我花在ACFit上面的材料費用大約在4000NTD左右，希望最後能夠做出有意義的成果來。

--------------------------------------
I only expected to get one Pelton turbine, but in the end I received 2 turbines from the 3D printing service provider.
The material of the turbines is PLA and the turbine's structure is sturdier than I've imagined.
The designed hole for shaft installation is 3mm in diameter. 
But there exists some bias. 
After correcting it with an electric drill the steel shaft was successfully installed.
Because the print setting was 0.2mm in layer height, the layering on the surface of the buckets is quite obvious.
Generally speaking, the quality of the printed product was fine.

After several times of modifycation on casing design, I mad a turbine casing which is compatible to two types of turbines I currently have.
I tested the lon-anticipated experiment at one morning,
 but the result was still not satisfying.

First one is the turbine made by myself.
The resulting voltage ,which was only 0.1V, was lower than the result generated by the micro hydro-generator.
I guess the cause of this result is low bucket number of the turbine.
Besides, the motor used is a 775 DC-Motor, which cannot generate enough voltage if the rotation spead is low.

The next turbine tested was the 3D-printed version,
but it produced even worse result.
First the nozzle tubing had leakage problem.
Secondly, the angle ofthe incomming streamis not optimal, it cannot match the location of the turbine.
The thickness of the turbine was also not good enough.
 THese problems made the 3D-printed turbine had worse result than the hand-crafted one.

Facing this result, I'll make another casing suitable for 3D-printed turbine and make better nozzle system.

The total amout of money spent on ACFit project is about 4000NTD by now.
I hope I can make some meaningful result in this month.
---------------------------------------
本来なら一本のペルトンタービンしか入手できると思ったが、結局あのサービス提供者は二本のタービンを私のところへ郵送しました。
タービンの材料はPLA,そしてその構造は予想より頑丈です。
私が設定したシャフトの半径は３mmでした、だけど完成品には誤差が有る。
電動ドリルで修正した後、無事にシャフトをインストールしました。

３DプリントのLayer heightを0.2mmに設定したから、
タービンのバケットの表面はあんまり平滑ではない。
でも全体から見れば、今回の完成品の品質は悪くないでした。

何度も設計を修正した後、私は二種類のタービンに対応するケイシングを一本作りました。
ある朝で念願の稼動実験を行われた。
Hydralic headは1.8メートルです。
だがその結果は良くないです。

先ずは私が自力で作ったタービンです、
それは0.1Vだけの電圧を輸出した。
前の小型水流発電機の輸出より低いです。
これはおよそタービンのバケット数が少ない、そして採用したモータは大電流を輸出する７７５DCモータだから。
回転数が低い状況では電圧が上がらないです。

次は３Ｄプリント版のタービンを実験しました。
でもその結果は前より悪いでした。
第一、その噴水口の管路に水漏れが有る、水を射出した角度も理想的な状況ではない。
第二は噴射したストリングの直径も最適ではない。
以上の原因のせいで、３dプリント版のタービンは逆に私が自力で製作したものより低い電力を輸出した。

この結果に応じて、私は一つ３Dプリント版タービンの専用外殻を作る。
そして適当な噴水口を作る。

現在私がACFitに関する材料のために掛かった金は４０００NTDぐらいです。
今月で意味の有る成果を作り上げたいです。
