就如上周我所擔憂的，MKVII由於內部過大的摩擦阻力而失敗，無法進行正常的運作。
這個問題的癥結點在於行星齒輪的零件固定方式，
它有太多的零件需要互相結合而導致大量的阻力，
而這股阻力又被齒輪效應放大了36倍，讓接上馬達後的齒輪組動彈不得。

經歷這一連串的失敗，我發覺藥製作一個可行的系統恐怕還是要用普通的馬刺齒輪，
我開始以此為基礎，進行MKVIII的設計和建模，
3D列印雖然有諸多限制，但比起機器學習還是較容易理解，
我決定要繼續在這條路上堅持下去，證明自己的理念。

關於法律訴訟案件，我和媽依然持續的在查詢法律規定，
最近事找到了不少重要的議題，像是分割後土地的通行權之類，
不懂法律的人真的不僅不受其保護，還可能平白無故吃上大虧。

這些法律條文讀起來或許合情合理，但是在實際生活中的執行往往無理又無情，
若是被那些惡劣無恥的法律流氓利用，那更是可能會成為殺人越貨的工具，
小時候學校社會課教的那一套根本就是把人教成那些法律流氓的代宰羔羊用的。

手上要有刀槍才不會被搶，這才是台灣社會的現實。

-------------------------------------------------
Just as I feared, the MKVII failed due to overwhelming resistance and friction inside the system.
The root of this problem is the assembly method of planetary gear.
There were too many parts that must be combined together and thus caused resistance at the joints.
This resistance was amplified by the gear system and made the whole gear set totally stuck.

After series of failures, I learned that the only choice for a feasible system is the simple spur gear.
I started another project which is based on it.

The 3D printing technology has many limitations, but it's easier to handle and understand compared to machine learning.
I decided to keep working in this field and proof my idea.

About the law suit, me and my mother was still studying related laws.
I recently found some important issues, like the setting of right of way after the land is divided.
People who don't know laws not only will not be protected, but might also be punished by it.

These laws seems to be reasonable and emotionally acceptable.
But its implementations in real life are often irreasonable and cruel.
If taken advantaged by those shameless law thugs, these laws might even become tools of murder and thieft.

The sociology class taught by schools are actually making people into victims of these thugs.

You must have a gun at hand to avoid being robbed.
This is the reality of Taiwan's society.

----------------------------------------------------
先週で心配していたことの通り、MKVIIは過大な摩擦により失敗した。
この問題の根元はPlanetary gearのパーツの固定方法です。
相互に組み合わせるべしパーツが多いすぎるだから、大きい摩擦が発生しました。
そしてこの抵抗力は歯車の効果により、更に増幅された。
結局MKVIIは全然動かなかった。

一連の失敗を経て、私は”作動できるシステムを作るにはやはり普通のSpur gear に限る”と理解した。
私はこれを基にしてMKVIIIの設計とモデルつくりを始めた。

３Dプリントには制限が沢山ありますが、Machine learning より理解易いです。
私はこの道を続いて、自分の理念を証明すると決心した。

訴訟案件について、私は母とともに関連の法律規則を勉強し続けている。
最近は幾つ重要なことを見つけた、例えば土地が分割された後の通行権問題など。

法律が知らない人はそれに守られないことか、大きい損失を受ける可能性もある。

法律規則は見た目が合理的ですが。
現実生活で実行された時はいずも不条理だ。
もしあの下劣な法律ヤクザに利用されたら、法律はさらに殺人’強盗の凶器になる。

学校の社会科に教えた物はただ自分をあの法律ヤクザの被害者にする方法だ。
現実生活に全然応用できない。
