這周日到了彰師大上持續教育課程，
雖然在GoogleMap上查看路線的時候覺得距離不短，
但其實騎Ubike從彰化火車站出發，也只花了十五分鐘就到了目的地。
這樣一來不用一路開車北上，也不需要坐在公車站枯等，
接下來的周末還要重複兩次這樣的行程，如果都一樣順利的話那就輕鬆多了。

這次來上課的人數並不多，中午還遇上了大雨，
到了下午人數很明顯的少了很多。
這次的上課內容主要是著重在長期照護和肝炎，特別是C肝的治療方面，
和最近全聯會再發展的目標是滿相符合的，
長照的部分是由一位已經退休、自己也在照顧年老親人的前衛生局長，
聽他講述自己的親身經歷確實比照本宣科的政令宣傳來的有意思。

從學校畢業了這麼久，各種重大疾病的用藥方式和種類也有了變化，
越來越多新藥加入，這也意味著更複雜的藥物交互作用可能會產生，
在醫學中心的藥師如果沒有強大的資料庫軟體，
恐怕早就招架不住了吧。

至於CAFit展示模型要用的水槽支架，
我雖然已經建立好了3D模型，但是在列印時發現真的是太沒效率了，
花了五個半小時卻只能印出最頂層的四分之一。
另一方面家裡其實也有一兩個已經使用多年、早已有鏽斑的層架。
那些層架裡面都堆滿了不要的衣服，
或許我可以來個大掃除，把不需要的衣物清理掉，空出一個層架來使用。

-----------------------------------------------
I went to Chanhua Universerty of education this sunday for continuing education.
Though I felt the distance between the train station and the university is quite long. 
It was actually not that far when I rode on UBike and it took me only fifteen minutes.
I don't have to drive all the way from Yuanlin to Chanhua city or wait for the Bus.
In the next weekend I'll have to repeat the same schedule for twice.
It would be relaxing if the trip is as easy as the previous one.

There were not many people who attend to this lesson.
Heavy rain fall at noon and the number of attendents got even lesser in the afternoon.
The topics of the lessons are focused on long term care and treatment of hepatitis, espacially type C.
This is coherent to the topics that Pharmacist Association is promoting.

The long term care lesson was tought by a retired chief of public health bureau, who is also taking care of his aged parents.
It's more convincing to hear his personal experiences than sme typical policy propaganda.

It's been a long time  since I graduated from the university.
The regiments adn drug catagories for the treatment of major diseases  changed a lot.
More and more new drugs entered the market.
This means that more complex drug-drug interactions might appear.
If without the help of powerful data base query software,
the pharmacists who work in medical centers might already be beaten by this tough question.

As for the racking for water tank of CAFit demo, I did finished making the 3D models.
But I found it to be too unefficient when I was printing them.
It took me over 5 hours to finish a quater of the top layer.

On the other hand, I found several old metal rackings which already have rusty stains on them.
These rackings are stuffed with outdated clothing.
Maybe I can do some cleaning and retrieve one of them.

---------------------------------------------------
この日曜日で彰化師範大学へ継続研修の点数を取るに来た。
Google mapで路線を確認したときはその距離を長いと思ったが、
Ubikeで彰化駅から出発した後の十五分以内で目的地へ到着しました。
長い距離の運転やバスを待つことなどは必要なかった。
来週の週末は同じスケジュールを二回繰り返す予定です。
もし今回みたいに順序なら楽になれる。

講義を参加した人の人数はあんまり多くなかった。
その日の昼で大雨が降ってきた、そして午後のとき人数は明らかに減っていた。
今回の講義の内容は主に長期介護とウイルス性肝炎、特にC型肝炎の薬物治療でした。
それは最近”薬剤師全国連合会”が宣伝している議題と応じていた。
長期介護の講義は一人の前衛生局長が担当しました。
彼は今自分の親を介護している。
書いてある通りに読み上げる講義より、彼自分自身の経験はもっと面白かったです。

大学を卒業したからもう長い時間が過ごした。
各種類の病に対する治療法と薬も重大な変化が起こった。
新しい薬が次々発明されていた。
つまりもっと複雑な薬物相互作用が生み出す。
大学病院で働いている薬剤師たちはMicromedexなどの大型データベースを頼らればならないだろう。
