距離下一次法院辯論庭還有數週的時間，雖然我們持續在關注法條的問題，
但是由於對手的動向不明，我們自己也沒有辦法預先準備防禦或是攻擊的手段，
只能按照原先的原則去固守自己反對拍賣的主張了。

那個無良地政士四處興訟，我們最近就打聽到附近鄉鎮也有類似案件，
作案的正是這個人，
台灣不論是鄉村還是都會都充斥著各種地痞流氓和騙子。

手動發電機MKVIII的模型大致已經完成了，
但是我在嘗試列印的時候發現了一個問題:
當列印好的齒輪零件備從列印平台被取下的時候，由於受力不均而產生了變型的現象，
這會使得齒輪組的運作大受影響，我目前考慮使用raft支撐結構來迴避直接用刮刀鏟下列印件，
之前幾次的列印作品或許也有同樣的問題，可能只是我沒注意到而已。

我在構思CAFit計畫的時候不只是想要創造一個革命性的新商業模式，
同時也想要得到相對應的經濟報酬，
但是這幾年我從近距離看到很多所謂的"成功人士"，
雖然乍看之下設為地位高而且生活優渥，但是實際上生活品質極低、和家人、伴侶的關係惡劣，
而且實際上是每天被拽追著跑的，
告糟糕的是他們往往不能實現當初的理念或是目標。

我一丁點都不想要落到這種地步，或許我的這種態度會讓我永遠不能成為一個"成功人士"?

-----------------------------------------------
There are still several weeks before the next oral debate for our lawsuit.
We do kept learning the laws, but since we don't know our opponent's move, we are unable to prepare the strategy to defend or attack.
The only thing we can do is to insist on our original proposal, which is opposing the land auction.

That shameless land administration agent started lawsuits around all places.
We recently learned a similar case at a nearby town and it was actually started by the same LAA.
In Taiwan, nomatter it's country side or metropolis, there are all kinds of thugs ad con men roaming around.

The 3D model of hand cranked generator MKLVIII is almost complete.
But I found a problem while I was making it.
When the gear was done and removed from the platform, it got deformed by the chisel .
This will make the gear plane tilt and unable to operate smoothly.

I'm now considering using raft support to avoid applying force directly on the gear.
The previous models might had suffered from the same problem and I just didn't notice it.

When I was considering the CAFit project, I not only wanted to create a revolutionary business model,
but also wanted to obtain exonomical reward.
But during these year I had chance to closely observe those "successful people".
Again and again, I found those people who have high social status and are seemly wealthy are actually living terrible lives.

They have horrible relationships with their families and got constant pressure from overwhelming debts.
The worst thing is that they totally failed to reach their goals.

I absolutly don't want to fall in to such miserable situation.
Maybe my attitude will forever prevent me from becoming a "successful people"?

------------------------------------------
次回の口頭弁論までには数週間の時間が有る。
私たちは法律を勉強し続いているですが、相手の動向は不明なので、
私たちは明確な防御と攻撃の策略を定めることが出来なかった。
ただ最初の原則と私たちの主張を固守するだけだ。

あの恥知らずの司法書士はあちこちで訴訟をおこす。
私たちは最近隣の町で私たちの案件と似ている事件を聞いた。
その案件を始めたのは奴だ。
田舎と都市と同じ、大勢なヤクザと詐欺師は台湾に氾濫している。

手動発電機MKVIIIのモデルは大体完成された。
でも私がプリントを試した際、一つの問題を見っすけた。

プリントされた歯車がPlatformから外れた時、不平均な力を受けた故で歪曲が発生しました。
これは歯車の運転に対して大きい障害を生み出す。
私は今Raft supportを使って、歯車へ直接の操作を防ぐと考えている。
前の作品は同じ問題があったかもしれない。
自分がそれを気づかなかっただけです。

私がCAFitを計画していた頃は一つ革新的なBusiness modelを作りたかっただけではなく、
相応の報酬を目指していた。
しかしこの数年かで私が近い距離で有る”成功者”を観察機会があった。
彼らは見た目の社会地位が高い、そして豊かな生活をしているみたいだが、
実際は不自由な生き方をしている。
そして家族との関係も悪い。
更に膨大な借金を背負っている。
最悪のことは、彼らが最初の目標を達成出来なかった。

私はけしてこんな結末になりなくない。
私のこういう態度は永遠に自分を成功者になれないかもしれない。
