人力發電機MKIII終於完成了最終的修正與組裝，但試結果仍然失敗了，
明明和MarkII相比之下少了兩個齒輪傳動階段，但是系統內的摩擦仍然嚴重，
另外一點是被放大的應力傳到馬達時，負責連接軸心的黃銅聯軸器居然鬆脫了。
而這一次使用鋼珠軸承和可栓死的齒輪軸心並未讓齒輪間鬆脫的問題停止發生。
這些層出不窮的問題使得裡當要有所改進的MKIII最終成了另一個失敗品。

然而橋式整流器開啟了另一個可能性，它使得纜繩訓練型的驅動機構變得可行，我將會以此機構為基礎來製作發電機MKIV。
這一回採用550直流電機，進一步降低阻力以提升轉速/電壓，
另外加速齒輪使用只有單一層的行星齒輪結構，盡可能減少摩擦造成的損耗。
在九月結束前要把最初的版本列印出來。

最近和一個認識三年左右的藥廠業務談的時候，他表示自己有轉職的打算，
因為現今藥廠的制度設計會使得業務把業績做到一定程度變難以達到每個月的目標銷售額，
不只獎金拿不到，就連本薪都有危險。

這個業務算是頗為積極向上的類型，跑業務之前曾到澳洲打工歷練過，
這幾年也在各方面不斷進修，
當我聽到它居然想要創業做吃的時候感到很可惜，
這個人的能力絕對不該浪費在那種地方，
而且台灣搞小吃攤的人太多了，店面和地租又貴得荒唐，
大多都是失敗收場，甚至還有負債的情形。

反觀那個不停來拐騙我們的地政士，從他開的車和身上的行頭以及法院紀錄裡多如牛毛的訴訟紀錄就可以說明這個法律流氓騙走了多少人的血汗錢和祖產。
台灣的騙子賺得缽滿盆滿，認真做事的人卻疲於奔命，真是荒唐啊。

--------------------------------------------------
I finally completed the assembling and adjustment of hand-cranked generator MKIII, but it still turned out to be a failure.
The markIII have lesser stages of gears, but friction inside the system was still too strong.
Another problem is that when the force input reached the shaft ot motor, the brass shaft coupling slipped away from the shaft.
And while I used fixable gears and ball bearings, the problem of prolapsing between gears still happend.

All these things together made the theoretically improved model into another failure.

However, the bridge rectifier opened a new door for me.
It made cable trainig machine possible to be integrated with the generator.
I'll create the MKIV under this concept.
The motor will be a 550 DC motor which has lower torque and thus higher revolution and output voltage.
This time I'll use only one stage of gear in the form of planetary gear.
I'll complet the initial production of MKIV in September.

A salesman of pharmaceutical company who I knew for three year recently told me that he is considering to quit his job.
It was because the pharmaceutical companies nowadays have rules that will push the salesman th their limit and then cut off the growth of their salary.

This salesman is a diligent one.He also did self- learning regularly.
Before becomming a salseman, he went to Australia for working holiday.
I was shoced when I heard that he want to start up in cusine industry.
His talents should not be wasted in such place.
By the way, there were already too many people who participate in this industry and most of them failed.

It's an ironical eyesore that the fraudulent land administration agent living a filthy rich life while talented people got so desperate to live.

--------------------------------------------
人力発電機MKIIIの製作と最終の修正は関せしました。でもこのモデル失敗しました。
MKIIよりギアの層数は二層減ったが、システム内部の摩擦は依然強かった。
もう一つは動力がモータへ伝動されたとき、モータのシャフトを接続する黄銅の継手は外れた。
そして今回で採用されたボールベアリングと固定される可能のギアはギア間の外れを防げなかった。

これらの問題が改善されるはずのMKIII をもう一つの失敗作になった。

しかしBridge rectifierはもう一つの可能性を開いた～～～ケーブマシーンの構造は使用可能です。
私はこれからこの構造を基にして、発電機MKIVを作る。
使用予定のモータは550DCモータ、より低いトークによって回転速度と電圧を高める。
そして一層だけのPlanetaryGearを使って摩擦を出来る限り減る。

最近一人の、もう三年知り合った製薬会社のセールスマンと話した時、
彼は転職を考えていると言った。
現在製薬会社の制度はセールスマンの目標売り上げを不ゴリ的な高さに調整する。セールスマンたちは賞金をもらえぬ、そして本給も減るかもしれない。

このセールスマンはとても積極的な人です。
就職前オーストラリアでワーキング・ホリデーの経歴は有る。
彼は常に独学をして様々な学問を学ぶ。
そんな彼がもとの技能と職業を放棄し、飯屋をするのは惜しいです。
台湾で飯屋をやっている人は多すぎるです。
その大部分の人は最後失敗した。

あの私を騙したい司法書士の方は逆です。
奴は大量な金を撮った。
台湾の詐欺師が金持ちになり、そして真面目な努力家たちに償いことはない。
これは悲しい現実だ。
