3D代印的報價結果讓我嚇了一跳，
一個直徑12公分、高3公分的小水輪居然要價兩千甚至三千塊台幣，
另外還有一家業者報了五千塊錢的天價，
現在網購一台入門級的3D列印機只要四千多塊錢，
與其付人五千塊不如買一台列表機自己印。
我最後和一家公司議價後敲定了一筆一千五百元的訂單，
接下來就要看看列印出來的成品是否能夠使用了，

雖然自己製作的難度高且成品品質不會太好，
但是我仍然自己用廢棄CD漢縮膠湯匙做了一個pelton turbine，
我事先查了一些文獻來決定turbine的尺寸比例，
花了一天左右的時間完成。
我實際接上發電機並且在水龍頭底下進行測試，
沒想到居然能夠順利運轉。

但是這一個turbine還是有些缺點，
首先他重量的比例分佈無法達到完美平衡，
第二是每片扇葉的角度都有些微的傾斜，
而且扇葉總數只有八個，
離最有效率的16~17葉版本差了許多，
另外由於材料受限，我只能用採用半徑六公分的湯勺，
整體體積過大。
如果3d列印的成品不符需求，我會以此自製品為基礎來製作更好的版本。

解決了發電機和turbine的問題後，我接下來要處理的是整個系統的固定和封裝。
首先馬達的防水必須要完善，而且之稱他的支架必須有足夠的強度，
另外turbine的外罩必須能把濺出的水擋下並且導引回到下方水槽，
我目前正在用塑膠板等素材建立最初的雛型。

-----------------------------
I was shocked by the quotation result of 3D printing.
A 12-cm diameter, 3cm-high turbine costs about 2000 to 3000NTD!
There's even one service provider told me the price would be 5000NTD,
which is equal to the price of a entry-level 3D printer.
In the end I choosed a service provider and bargained with them to get a price about 1500.
I'll see if the product really worth the price.

Though the DIY product will be difficult to make and have lower quality,
I still made a Pelton turbine with a CD and some plastic spoons.
I even checked some documentations to confirm the design of pelton trbines before making it.
It took me about one day to finish it.

I combined the turbine with DCMotor and tested it under tape water.

Surprisingly, it really worked.
However, ther are still many defects in this turbine.
First the weight is not perfectly distributed.
The buckets on the turbine have tilt problems, and the number of them is only 8.
It's far from the optimal number, which 16.

Since the choice of material is much limited in my cas, I can only use spoons with 60cm diameter.
The overall size of the turbine is too big.

If the 3D-printed turbine fails to meet my requirement, I'll make another turbine based on this one. 
After solveing the problem of motor and turbine, the next thing to solve would be the casing.

First the motor's insulation from water must be reliable, and the supprt system must be strong enough.
Secondly, the turbine's casing must stop the splatting water and deliver it back to the lower bank.
I'm currently making an initial model with materials like plastic boards.
--------------------------------------------
