影片剪輯並不如我想像的那麼容易，不過我還是在Linux環境下用Openshot做出了一個包括結構和概念圖解的三分鐘短片，
短片加了BGM之後在Youtube上面發表了。
我另外在StackOverflow的Sustainable life子討論版發了一篇文章，
介紹了這個概念並且問了幾個相關的問題。

這個短片花了比預期更長的時間，
一方面是因為我從未做過影片剪輯，
令一方面是因為我最近老是分心，又被一些沒有意義的Youtube影片給吸引住，
浪費了不少時間。
習慣真的是很可怕的東西，
意志力在已經根深蒂固的習慣面前根本不堪一擊，
我大概體會為何書店擺滿了各種改造生活的書籍，
但是實際上人們依然無法將自己從罐性行為當中解放出來的原因了。
我覺得按照我最近的行為，時間應該想要和我絕交了。

經過更多的研究之後，我決定要嘗試使用pelton水車來進行發電試驗。
這種水車使用的是高壓水柱讓壓力轉換成動能並且驅動水車轉軸，
但pelton水車的結構比較難以DIY，我可能得用購買的方式入手。

另外一個延宕多時的工作是建立Kickstarter的專案，讓其他人知道我的構想，
他山之石可以攻錯，
在公開的平台接受他人的指教總比我一個人閉門造車來的好。
而且要讓ACFit辦得成絕對需要團隊的力量，
願意參與討論的人也有可能變成協助ACFit的一份子。
-----------------------------------------------
Editing video clips was not as easy as I had imagined.
But I still mad a 3-minute-long short film containing graphycal explaination of ACFit's structure and concept.
The film was edited under linux with Openshot.
I published the film on Youtube and wrote an article on Stack exchange's sustainable life board.
The article introduced ACFit's concept and I also asked some questions.

This video took me more time than I had anticipated.
One reason was that I've never don such job before.
Another reason was that I go distracted over and over agin recently and wasted a lot of time.
The bhabbit is indeed a thing that should be in awe of.
One's will power is absolutely no match his deeply rooted habbits.
Now I understand why ther are so many books about life style changes and yet people are still unable to liberate themselves from those bad habbits.

Judging by my current behavior, I totally lost the friendship with my time.

After more researching on hydro-power devices,
I decided to try Pelton turbines as the hydropower model.
This type of turbine use high pressure stream to create impulse and move the turbine shaft.
But it's more difficult to create a adequate Pelton turbine.
I might have to buy it from some shops.

Another severly delayed task is to create a project on kickstarter.
I have to let the others know my concept and ideas.
It's better to get other's advice and gradually create a feasible system than building every thing by my imagination.

Besides, ACFit requires a team to maintain it and make things come true.
Those who participate in discussion of this project might become a member of the team.
---------------------------------------------
ヴィデオ編集は想像より難しいです。
でも私はちゃんと一つ長さが三分間ぐらいのヴィデオを作り上げた。
それの内容には構造と設計の図解を含めている。
このヴィデオをYoutubeにアップロードした後、私はStack ExchangeのSustainable life掲示板で一つの文章を作りました。
ACFitの概念を説明して、そして幾つの問題を提出した。

このヴィデオに私は予想以上の時間を掛かった。
一つの原因はヴィデオ変種の経験がないだから。
もう一つの原因は最近気が散っている、
わずかな集中力がいずも意味のないYoutubeヴィデオに奪われた。
その故で大量な時間を無駄にした。
習慣てっ本当に恐るべきものだと思う。
長年で出来た主観の前に、人の意志力はとても弱くて、何の役にも立たないです。
今の私は”何故書店にある生活改造関連の本は山ほど有るですが、人々は自分自身を主観から解放することが出来ないこと”の原因を理解しました。
最近の行為から見ると、私は時間の友になれないでしょう。

もっと研究を続けた後、わたしはPelton turbineを採用することを決めた。
このタイプの水車は高圧の水を噴射し、ポテンシャルエネルギーを動力に転換するものです。
でも自力でPelton turbineを作るのは難しいです。
それを購入する必要があるかもしてない。

もう一つ遅れた仕事はKickstarterのプロジェクトをつくることです。
公開のフォールんで他人からの指摘を受けて、実現できる計画を作ることは　"もんをとじてくるまをつくり "より成功の可能性が高い。
ちなみにACFitの成功には優秀なチームがひつようです。
討論を参加する人もチームの一員になる可能性がある。
