土地分割的案子有另外的地政士也想分一杯羹，他跑去找那些土地和房屋有違建或是農地飛農用的土地共有人，
這個人自稱可以幫那些共有人解決違法的問題、甚至省下稅金，
但我們自己經過不斷的對相關法律進行學習而稍微有了一點常識，
知道那個新來的地政士根本就是在騙人，
他甚至唆使這些共有人來騙我們籤一些不利我們的文件，
把合法使用土地的我們也一起拖下水，真是可惡到了極點。

我們之前去找一個在作地政士的親戚的時候，他居然也提了合併分割這種完全不利於我們的方案，這些地政士和代書還自己搞了一個聯盟，
等於這團人全部都是一丘之貉。
反而是我們這些不讀法律的人才找得出保護自己身家財產的方法，
法律的事情到頭來還是只能靠我們自己，
那些學法律的社會寄生蟲只會跟著財團一起搞詐騙而已。

先前還有人在宣傳雙地政士的作法，要土地買賣雙方各聘請一位地政士，
說是可以防止土地詐欺，但是事實上根本就是這些寄生蟲想在從土地交易的過程中撥一層皮罷了，
這些一個鼻孔出氣的人哪有可能去互相破壞對方設好的局?

我只花了大約七天的時間就完成了人力發電機MKIV的建模，
一方面是這次的結構相對簡單，另一方面是因為我對Blender的基本操作月來越純熟了，
當然在建模方面絕對還有更多的技巧是我沒學過的，
我目前根本還稱不上是一個Blender專家。

MKIV目前印出的零件仍然需要打磨之後才能順利組裝，
至於齒輪組的部分，我會另外塗上潤滑油來進一步消除摩擦阻力。

-------------------------------------
There was another land administration agent joind the game of dividing our land.
She came to those who have unapproved constructions or used the farm land in non-agricultural purposes.
She claimed that she can solve the legal problems of these illegal buildings and even making them pay lesse tax.
But we already have some basic knowledge of law through self-learning.
We know that new agent was totally lying.
She even attemped to manipulate those poeple to fool us into signing up some documents that will hurt our rights.
What a evil person she is.

In the previous time when we came to a relative who's also a land administration agent, he also gave us the advice that is actually no in favor of us.
Those agents even organized a union, meaning they are all on the same side.
On the opposite, we are the only persons who can find the way to protect our own properties and rights.
Those law proffesionals are just a flock parasite who scam people with the corporates.

Some people were promoting the practice of "double land administration agent", having each side of the land transaction hire
different agents.
They said this will prevent scams.
But in truth, this is just a schem to suck more money from people.
How could the birds of the same feather damage each other's profit?

It took me only 7 days to complete the modeling of human power generator MKIV.
One reason was the MKIV has much simpler structure.
Another reason was that I have better controll over Blender.
Of course there are still plenty of skills that I haven't learned.
I should not call myself a blender expert.

Part of the printed parts of MKIV still need grinding for successful assemble.
As for the gear set, I'll apply some lubricant to further reduce the friction.
-------------------------------------
土地の訴訟案件について、新たな人物が現れた。
それはもう一人の司法書士でした。
彼女は違法建物を持つ土地共有者たちと接触した、そしてその建物の違法問題を解決できると保証した。
だが私たちが自力で勉強したお陰でしこし常識を得た。
あの司法書士は全然嘘を付いていることを分かった。
彼女は違法建物の所有者たちを操縦し、わたしたちを不利な書物を署名させることを図った。
つまり合法的な土地と建物を持つ私たちまで引っ込むつもりです。
あの女はなんと言う卑劣な人間だ。

少し前で私たちが一人の司法書士を勤めている親戚を接触したとき、
彼も私たちに不利な選択肢を提出した。
この司法書士たちは全て嘘つきだ。

結局法律関連の仕事をしていない私たちの方が、自分の権利と財産を守られる方法を見つかる。
あの法律専門の寄生虫ともはだだ財団と手を組んで詐欺をするものだ。

先日である者は”双司法書士”と言う作法を宣伝した。
それは土地売買の両方が各自で一人の司法書士を雇うことです。
詐欺を防ぐことが出来ると申した。
しかし実際はあの寄生虫がもっと金を土地売買の過程から吸い出したいだけだ。
あの法律寄生虫供は同じ穴の狢にすぎない。

七日以内の時間でMKIVのモデルを完成させた。
一つの理由はMKIVの構造は前よりすごく簡単です。
もう一つの理由はBlenderの操作を大分馴染んだだから。
勿論私にはまだ自分をBlenderの専門家と呼ぶことが出来ない。
私が知っていない技術は山ほどあるです。
