這個周末的持續教育很順利的結束了，
交通上也沒出什麼狀況，
只要再上個兩次就可以應付下一次的藥師執照換照了。

我注意到這次上課的出席者大多是五十歲左右的人士，
可能是屬於診所藥局或社區藥局的藥師，
這一代年輕的藥師大多都已經參加過醫學中心自己舉辦的持續教育課程了，
要在公會舉辦的場次碰上他們恐怕是不太容易吧。

從持續教育的課程得知，現在的再生療法越來越成熟了，
除了幹細胞的培養技術改進，3d列印產生的組織培養支架也讓更複雜的組織再生變得可能。
不過實務上的再生療法，如骨關節炎的再生治療，其實還是有許多限制的。

我記得在學校念書時，單株抗體技術已經成熟並且開始擴大應用的範圍，
到了最近幾年甚至還有藥廠準備用生物相等性製劑來搶食這一個市場，
如果成功的話也會讓各種生物製劑的價格變得比較親民一些吧。

這周我在清理金屬層架的同時，也再次整理出了不少可回收的廢棄物，
除了紙張和塑膠容器以外，還有電線、電器之類，
不過現在的資源回收價格行情普遍低落，
和去年相比還更低了一些，清理的意義仍遠大於賺錢。

在整理過後我成功的取回了一個金屬層架，高約180CM，
這個周末就來測試cafIT的模型吧。

我目前另外在設計手動的離心幫浦，設計上改動了不少次，
畢竟這種裝置是過去從未有人做過的，實際上的運作效果好不好也只有做出來後才能知道。
------------------------------------
The continuing education in this weekend ended without any troubles.
If I take two addional courses, I'll gather enough points for the next round of licence renewal.

I noticed that the attendents of this course are mostly people in their fifties.
The were probably from clinics or local pharmacies.
Most of the youg pharmacists around this region had already taken courses organized by the medical centers.
It won't be easy to meet them at association-held cources.

From the lessons of continuing education,
I learned that the technology of regenerative medicine has benn more and more rippen.
Besides the cultureing of stem cells, the 3D printed tissue support made the regeneration of complex tissues possible.
But the practical regenerative medicine like treatment of osteoarthritis is still very limited.

I remember when I was still in the college, 
monocolonyl antibody technology is well developed and started to expand its territory of application.
In recent years, there are even bioequivalent products entering the market.
If these products achieve success, the price of biopharmaceutics will be more reasonable.

While I was cleaning up the metal racking, I also collected some recycable wastes.
Besides paper and plastic vessels, there were also electric wires and electronics.
But the prices of recycables are very low and even lower that last year.
It's still more about cleaning than making money.

After cleaning up, I successfully retrieved a metal racking which is about 180cm high.
I'll run the CAFit model test in next weekend with this racking.

I'm also designing a manual centrifugal pump.
The layout was changed several times.
After all, it's something that neer been designed before.
The actual efficiency will be clear only if it is completed.
------------------------------------------------
今週末の継続学習は無事に済んだ。
交通の方面で何の問題も起こらなかった。
あと二回の課程を完成させば、勉強更新の為必須な点数を集まれることが出来る。

今回の講義を参加する人々は殆ど五十代の人でした。
およそ診療所やコミュニティファーマシーで働いている薬剤師でした。
この辺の若い薬剤師はもう所属の病院が開催した継続学習講義を参加したから、薬剤師同業組合が開催した講義で彼らと会うのは難しいです。

講義の内容から再生治療の技術はますます成熟になれた。
幹細胞の培養方法だけではなく、３Dプリントで作った組織培養用ブラケットも、複雑な人体組織を再生させることを可能にしました。
でも実際の再生治療、例えば変形性関節症の再生治療法には未だ多い制限がある。

私が大学で勉強していたところ、Monoclonial antibody類の薬品の技術発展は既に完成しました、そして更に広い応用範囲を目指した。
近年ではある製薬会社はBio-equivalent薬品を開発して、
生物薬品の市場へ参加しました。
もし成功したら、生物薬品の価格はもっと合理的な範囲へ移るでしょう。

今週で私が金属棚を整理していた同時に、回収できるゴミを沢山見つけた。
紙、プラスチックボトル、そして電線、電器などが在りました。
でも現在の回収品の買い上げる価格はとても低いです。
去年の価格と比べれば一段と安いです。
やはり金を稼ぐより整理の意味が多い。

整理した後、私は一つの金属棚を入手しました。
次の週末でCAFitモデルの試行をやりましょう。
