經過長達二週的搜尋和研究，我終於在購物網站訂了兩個直流馬達以及DC-DC穩壓模組，
另外還有一個USB電流/電壓測定儀器，
我曾經嘗試著找過這附近一帶的電子材料行，
但是在實體的店面反而找不太道我要的東西，
這幾種特殊的零件並不是每個地方都有在賣的。

農曆年將近，但是過年的氣氛一年不如一年，
依方面是因為不景氣，跨年和尾牙活動的規模越來越小，
而且今年的年假長達九天，
短短只有28天的二月有一半的時間都成了假日，
大多數的人根本不想留在台灣消費，而是去搭飛機出國旅遊去。
過年時的消費人潮反而不如平日。

然而我覺得很多來自農業時代的過年習俗早就不合時宜，和現在的社會脫節了。
或許會有人說應當保有舊時代的"人情味"，
但在我看來那只是騙人用的說詞，
我住在鄉下的這八年親身體會什麼叫做"鄉村的人情味"，
我家和附近人家的田地常有人偷摘作物、甚至偷倒垃圾，
還有寺廟明目張膽的把燒金紙的灰燼倒入田地，
那些寺廟表面上叫座民間信仰，
但說穿了也不過是地方黑白勢力的根據地，
有的政治人物越得勢，他家的廟就越擴越大，
供在桌上的神像只不過是裝飾品。

鄉下地方人們的貪婪和卑劣與城市完全一致，
只是人口較少，比較沒有新聞事件可報罷了。
------------------------------------
After two weeks of researching and browsing,
I finally ordered two DC-motor and a DC-DC converter on shopping website.
I also bought a USB current/voltage testing device.
I did try finding the parts I wanted in electronics shops nearby,
but I can't find those things in these places.
Those parts seemed to be not that popular.

The lunar new yaer is near, but the atmosphere of celebrating this holiday is wavering year by year.
One reason is that the recession of the economy shrinked the scale and budgets of celebration activities.
Another reason is that the duration of this vacation this year is 9 days long.
The 28-days-long February have half of its time being holidays.
Most of the people don't want to stay in Taiwan.
Instead, they would rather to travel abroad and do shopping at foreign countries.
That caused the sales amount during lunar new year festival shrink even more.

However, I think many traditions of lunar year festival are already not suitable for nowadays.
May be someone will say that we should preserve the "warmth of folks" of the old days.
But in my point of view, that is merely a hoax and empty slogan.

The 8 years I spent in the countryside taught me what "warmth of folks" truely is.
The farmland of my family and other nearby families are often suffering from thieft, lossing crops and other private property.
There are even staffs of the temples who will spill ashes of joss paper to our lands.
The temples are cactually the stronghold of local political groups.
The more power the political figure gains, the bigger the temple will become.
The idols on the table are nothing more than an ironic decoration.
The greed and evil within the people of countryside are ate the same level as the cities.
The only difference is the lower population and thus lo-+wer crime cases to be reported by the news.
---------------------------------------------
二週間を渡って私はDCモータについて色々研究しました。
そしてやっと使えるものを見つけた。
私はショッピングサイトでDCモータ二機とUSB電流／電圧測定装置一機を注文しました。
私は自分の家の辺りにいる電子部品の店へ行って見たが、
実体の商店は逆に欲しいものを探し出すのが難しいです。
こんな特殊な商品はあんまり普遍ではないようです。

旧暦の新年は間もなくくる、でもこの節句を祝う雰囲気は一年つつ弱くに成っていた。
一つの原因は不景気です。
年越しと忘年会の活動の規模は萎縮している。
それに今年の新年連休は九日ほどながいです、
二十八日しかいる二月に半分位の時間は休日に成りました。
人々は殆ど台湾で消費するつもりがない。
それより、彼らは海外旅行を選べた。
連休期間の消費規模は上がらないです。

まっ私は農業時代の色々な風俗が既に時代遅れたと思う。
有る人は旧社会の”人の暖め”を保存するべしと言うだが、
私から見れば、その言葉は人をだますブラフに過ぎない。

私は田舎で既に八年暮らした。
田舎の”人の暖め”を随分に味わった。
うちの畑の作物は常に泥棒に盗まれた。
それだけではなく、ある寺の人は土地の所有者を知らせないうちにカビジンの灰を畑に捨てておくことも有る。
その寺は言わば地方政治勢力の根拠地に過ぎない。
権力者がもっと高く地位を貰ったら、寺の規模はもっと大きくなる。
机の上に置く神仏の像はただの飾りです。

田舎の人々の貪婪と卑劣さは大都会に住む人々と全然同じです。
田舎の人口が少ない、新聞にあんまり報道されていないだけだ。
