原本我以為這次的新年假期會像往年一樣一直待在家，
但還是有了一些變數。

出二我哥和嫂子帶著小孩要回台北時想要去彰化市搭火車、順便在當地玩一下。
結果出遊的隊伍就變成嘉上了我這個要負責把汽車開回家的人。
我們在高速公路交流道的地方遇上了嚴重的車潮，
但是修改路線之後路況就好了很多。

那天仍然有不少商家照常營業，特別是小吃攤。
我個人對小吃興趣不大，但還是跟著他們吃了阿璋肉圓和木瓜牛奶。
睡便孩逛了之前被停工的台化工廠區改建的台塑生醫觀光工廠。
廠區的經營者大概料到了主要假日會有人帶小孩子出游，
因此租了氣墊城堡來吸引小孩子，
在下午四點多園區快要關門的時後仍然有不少小孩在那裏玩，
這種類型的設施不論過了多久都還是很受小孩子的青睞呢。

雖然玩了一整個下午，當天晚上我仍然很順利的把車從彰化市開回家去了。
現在能夠載人中長程出游，去年的練車修行算是值得了吧。

在放假的期間我動手做了一個GravitationalVortex的小型水槽並且實際放水進行測試，
途中免不了要對管路修修補補，熱溶膠並不如想像中的牢靠，非常容易和接觸的表面鬆脫。
最後運行的結果，我發現這個社濟的效率太差了，
雖然輸入水流的量很大，接近每秒500ml，但是從軸心輸出的齒輪轉速和扭力都不夠。

面對這個結果，我決定改變策略，
改回可以清楚顯示電麗的水流發電機來製作概念模型，
我把這個模型的運行過程錄成了短片，接下來要詳細的去剪接和註解整個設計的概念。
接下來的這個禮拜我會把影片上傳並且開始在Reddit和kickstarter上面進行發文。
-----------------------------------------
Though I thout I would stay at home throughtout this vacation, some event accidentally changed it.
At the second day of lunar new year, 
my brother and his wife was about to return to Taipei.
They also wated to do a short trip in Changhua city .
In the end I joined their journey since I had to drive the car back home.

We encountered serious traffic jam at the highway interchange, 
but when we changed our course, the traffic flow became much more fluent.
Many shops were still doing business at that day, espacilly th local cuisine vendors.
I was not so interested in cuisine but still had some with my brother and his family.

We also went to the Changhua Formosa Biomedical healthy Yoho Museum, which was reconstructed from a factory.
The manager of that museum must had predited that there will be many parents who bring their children out and rented inflatable castles.

At 4 pm when the museum was about to be closed, there was still many kids playing.
This type of facility are indeed quite popular among children regardless of time.

At that night I drove my way home from changhua city sound and safe.
I had proven that I am a capable driver who can safely carry others.
The driving practice during last year was indeed paying off.

During this vacation I made a Gravitational vortex system and put it into test.
The process was still accompanied with fixing of the water leakage.
The test result turned out to be not satisfying enough.
Though the water flow is much larger,
the output torque and rotation speed were not high enough.

In light of this result, I decided to change my strategy.
I switched back to the waterflow generator wchich can distinctivly show the voltage of generated electricity.
I recorded the video of operation and will edit them to sho my concept.
The video will be uploaded to youtube and I'll try to obtain other's opinions.
-------------------------------------
最初で今回の新年ヴァカンスも昔のようにずっと家に留まると思ったが、
結局そうになりませんでした。

兄と彼の奥さんが子供をつれて台北へ帰る前にチャンファ市で少し観光したいから、
私は彼らと一緒に自動車でチャンファ市へ行きました。
高速道路の入り口ですごい交通渋滞を遭遇しました、
でも他の路線に切り替えした後の進行は順序でした。

あの日で通常営業中の店は多かったです、特に屋台のほうが多かったです。
私はおかずにあんまり興味ありませんが、兄と彼の家族と一緒に肉円とパパヤミルクを食べました。
ちなみに操業停止した工場で改装した観光工場へ見物に行きました。
あの観光工場の経営者は低年齢の来客が来ると予測した、
だからインフレータブルバルーンを賃借りしました。

私たちは午後四時半の頃で到着しました。
工場の開放時間は五時までです、でもこんな時間でもインフレータブルバルーンにいる子供は沢山います。
どんな時代になっても、インフレータブルバルーンは子供に大人気だよね。

その晩私は無事でチャンファ市から家へ戻りました。
実用できる運転技術を手に入れ、去年の運転練習は意味があると思う。

このヴァカンスの間で私は一つGravitational Vortexの水流システムを作りました。
私は直接このシステムを試行しました、その過程は水漏れを何度も直した。
私はこの実験の結果に失望した。
水の流れは前より強いですが、輸出したトルクと回転速度は足りなった。

この結果に応じて、私は策を変わった。
小型水流発電機を再び採用し、概念的なモデルを作りました。
私はこのモデルの運行ヴィデオを録画しました。
これからはあのヴィデオを編集し、Youtubeへアップロードする。
