最近常看到各種母親節蛋糕的廣告，
這些蛋糕裝飾華麗且用了一大堆的奶油，價位都是從400NTD起跳，
我左想右想最後跑去買了最樸素的古早味蛋糕，
一斤只要85NTD，我和媽吃了都覺得是真材實料，
而且最重要的是吃起癌沒什麼負擔，
根本用不著花大錢去吃一堆食品添加物。

為了試驗棘輪結構在3D列印製品的表現，我印了一個棘輪板手，
PLA材質的強度剛好可以讓板手正常運作，
產生"只限一個方向旋轉"的效果，
但是噪音和摩擦的問題非常惱人。

在尋找更好的棘輪模型時，
我發現了一些奇特的設計，如齒輪軸承還有單向滾珠軸承，
這些都是只有3D列印才可能實現的特殊結構，
然而他們也需要高品質的列印機才能產生正常運作的產品，
我不指望手上的這台Delta型陽春印表機可以達到那麼極致的精準度。

最後我發現了一個過去一直忽略的機械結構...曲軸Crankshaft，
他是活塞引擎的必備傳動元件，
這個結構可以把直線的往復運動轉化成穩定的轉軸運動，
如果採用曲軸，我可以實現以一般常見運動訓練動作來驅動離心幫浦的目標，
加上變速齒輪組後更可以達到更高的轉速，
然而這一次我沒有任何現成的模型可用，
必須用Blender從頭做起了，

我印製了一個結構非常簡單的離心幫浦，
但是在縮小尺寸時讓結構變得過於脆弱，
而且一些精細的轉軸部位由於單層列印面積極小，散熱時間不夠，
因此讓該部位最後糊成了一團，
這使得成品最後無法使用，
我目前在考慮用之前列印的Francis水輪機來當作離心幫浦。

--------------------------------------------------
Recently I often see advertisements of mother's day cakes.
These cakes are covered by cream and heavily decorated.
The price of these cake are above 400NTD.
After cosidering about which to by, I ended up buying an old fashioned  sponge cake with a price about 80NTD.
My mother and I bot consider it delicious after eating.
The most important thing is that eating it won't cause much metabolic burden.
It's pointless to spend a lot of money for food additives.

In order to verify the 3d printed ratchet's performance, I printed a ratchet wrench.
The PLA material is strong enough to make the wrench work normally and produce the one-way rotation effect.
But the friction and noice was quite annoying.
During the search for a better ratchet design,
Idiscovered some marvelous designs,
 like the gear gearing and one-way bearings.
These can only be produced by 3D printing.
However, these structures requi8re higher printing quality.
I don't consider it possible to achieve it with my machine.

In the end I found a mechanism which was ignored by me for a long time--- the crankshaft.
It's the crucial part for piston engines.
This type of structure can convert linear momentum into rotation movement.

By  implementing crankshaft, I can achieve the goal of powering centrifugal pumps by ordinary exercise movements.
With a proper gearbox, I can obtain higher turbine spin rate.
But this time I have no ready-to-print 3D models and have to  make it from scratch with Blender.

I printed a simple centrifugal pump.
Unfortunately, the structure was weakend too much when scaled down.
Due to extremely small printing area per layer and not enough cooling time, some parts are malformed.
These caused the centrifugal pump unusable.
I'm now considering about utillizing the Francis turbine I made as a pump.
--------------------------------------------------
最近はよく　母の日ケーキ　の広告を見かける。
そのケーキにはデコレーションが一杯かけている、そして大量なバターに埋め込んだ。
値段は４００NTD以上です。
考えの後、私は８０NTDで素朴な伝統ケーキを一個買った。
試食した後、私と母はそれを美味しいと思った。
一番大事なのはあのケーキを食べても、体に重い加担を与えない。
大金で食品添加物を食べることは賢い選択ではない。

３Dプリントで作ったRatchet構造の性能を検証するため、
私は一つのRatchet　Wrenchをプリントしました。
PLA材料はあれを正常に作動させた。
でもノイズと摩擦の問題はとても悩ましいでした。

より良いRatchetのモデルを探していた間、
私は様様奇妙な構造設計を発見しました。
例えばGear bearingとOne－WayBearing。
これらは３Dプリントしか製作できる物です。
しかしそれらには高いプリント精度と品質が必要です。
私は自分のプリンタがそれほどの精度を持っていないと思う。

最後で私は一つ自分に無視された構造を見つかった。
それはCrankshaft、ピストンーエンジンには不可欠の構造です。
Crankshaftは直線の往復運動を回転運動に添加する。
もしこれを使えば、普通の運動訓練動作でCentrifugal pumpを動かすことが可能にする。
しかし今回は既存の３Dモデルがいません。
Blenderで初めから作るしかない。

私は一つ簡単な構造を持つCentrifugal pumpをプリントしました。
しかしサイズを縮める過程でその構造を弱化しすぎた。
そして単層の冷却時間が足りないせいで、一部分のパーツが高温に熔かされた。
結局このCentrifugal pumpは使えるものに成れなかった。
私は先回で作ったFrancis turbineをパンプとして使うと思う・
