回顧整個一月，我在ACFit的設計和想法在這段時間裡有了很大的修正，
途中也發現自己浪費了不少錢，像是原本以為可以直接套用的水力發電機，
在實驗後發現無法產生足夠的電力，
在沒有充分的工科訓練之下進行DIY果然會出現各種麻煩的狀況，
但是我也只能把實驗繼續進行下去了。

我被商家通知原本在上周下單的直流馬達缺貨，當我試著在同怡個網路平台找其它供應商時，赫然發現有很多的商家帳號其實是分身店面，
背後真正的經營者只有一個人，
網購平台的實際店家數量並不如想像中的那麼多啊。
最後我找到了一個在台南有實體店面的店家進行下單並且確認現貨供貨無虞，
希望能在年假開時前拿到這些貨。

實際上要作出一個Gravitational Vortex 水力系統也不是那麼簡單的，
特別是水車扇葉的軸心結構，必須在水槽的正中央，
並且要有良好的軸承和齒輪傳動系統，
馬達的固定和齒輪的結合方式也有很多的學問，
我會在這個年節期間常是一些可能可行的結構。

置於水力儲能系統的部分，我目前的設計是用一個架高到2.5M左右的桶子做為水頭，
渦流水槽的部分則是放在一個離地約30cm高的架子上，
水流的管路會需要一些額外的加工，
要用一些水管轉接頭來連起上下兩個水槽。
-------------------------------------------
I made a lot of changes on the design of ACFit in January.
I also found myself had watsted some money during the process.
For example, the micro waterflow generator which is proven tobe unable to produce enough electricity.
Without complete engineering background and training, 
there will be all kinds of failure and troubles during my making of the water power system.

The online shop informed me that the DC-motors I ordered last week was out of supply.
When I stated trying to find other supplier on the same shopping platform, 
I discovered that many shops are actually replicas.
The manager behind them are actually the same person.
The real number of online shops are not as many as I've imaged.
In the end I found a shop which have a physical store at Tainan which had all the parts I needed.
I ordered the parts and confirmed the status of supply.
I hope I can get the parts before lunar new year festival.

In fact, it's not that easy to build a gravitational vortex system.
Especially the structure of the tubine and vortex basin.
I t also require good bearings and transmission system.
The installation of the DC-motor also have many details that must be noted.
I'll experiment on several possible structure in this vacation.

As for the water flow system, 
my current design is to put a water barrel on a 2.5 meter-high rack.
The vortex basin will be located on a shelf about 30cm from the floor.
The two tanks will be linked by a water tubing system.
----------------------------------------- 
今月の間、ACFitの設計と構想について大幅な修正をしました。
その過程の中で少なくない金を浪費しました。
例えば最初で直接採用できると思った水流発電機、
それは実験の後十分の出力を輸出できませんと判明しました。
工科の訓練と知識を持たない状況でDIYをすると、やはり色々な失敗とトラブルが発生する。
でも今は実験を続行するしかない。

先週で注文したD-motorは在庫品切れのせいで、入手出来なかった。
同じサイトで他の店を探していた途端、
私は”多くのオンライン商店はただの分身、その背後は一人の経営者が管理している”ことをきついた。
オンラインショピングサイトの本当の商店数は想像より少ないです。

最後は一つ台南で実体店舗を持つ店を見つかりました。
私は注文した後、在庫状態を確認しました。
旧暦新年の前であのパーツを入手したいです。

電力を輸出できるGravitational Vortexを実現することはそんなに容易ではない。
特にタービンの回転軸の構造は重要です。
それは水槽の中央に置く、良好なベアリングと伝動システムが必要です。
モータの固定とギアの配置も色々注意するべし点がある。
このバカンスの期間、私は幾つのデザインを試してみる。
