兩個水力發電機到手之後，我又買了一個萬用電錶用來測定電壓和電流。
目前我花在這個計劃的前大概在一千一百塊左右。
這二個發電機的出入水管口都是常見的四分管，
這讓我省了很多工夫，直接用蓮蓬頭的水管就可以連接發電機進水口並展開測試。

我在三樓(水壓較低)的位置測了發電的結果，
5v穩壓的小型發電機確實能產生穩定的電壓，但是電流異常的小，只有60~80mA左右，
而不定壓的大功率發電機則是可以上到8v左右，電流也有60mAh，
大功率版本的發電機在相同的水壓之下居然有更大的功率輸出，
這可是在我意料之外。
如果是為了發電，這個大功率發電機應該會是首選。

以前高中物理課都教說"直流電是無法變壓的"，但是事實上不然。
我在網路上找了一下、居然發現了一個只要台幣40~60元的DC-DC降壓模組，
他是用半導體去進行穩壓和轉換的，
可以把高電壓低電流的電力轉換成低電壓高電流的電力，
如此一來就可以只用一個大功率發電機去對隨身電源進行充電了。

ACFit的雛形目前還有一個重大的挑戰，就是水頭的高度，
我如果在室內架設水流裝置，最多只能把水頭拉高到2公尺左右，
這樣只有0.2Pa，可能不足以產生夠大的輸出功率，
這一個發電機的管路非常小，在低流量的情況下勢必需要大壓力的水頭，
我可能得考慮在二樓窗台前架設水頭，
把出水口設在一樓地面，
但這個設置可能會變得很費工夫。
--------------------------------------------
After picking up the two waterflow generator I bought last week,
I also bought a multimeter to measure the voltage and current of the electricity.
I've currently spent 1,100 NTD on this project.
Those two generators have the common half-inch water tubing,
this made my work a lot more easier.
I can directly plug them on the hose of a showerhead and start the test.

I measured the voltage and current on the third floor in my home.
The generator with constant 5-volt output have pretty low current, which is about 60~80mA.
And the high-power generator can produce 8 volt and 60mA current.
The high-power generator can produce more energy output with teh same pressure input, this was beyond my expectation.

For better energy efficiency, I should choose the generator with higher output.

Back in highschools, the textbooks always told us that "the voltage of direct current can not be changed".
But in fact, it can!

I browsed on the internet and discovered a DC-DC voltage control unit which costs about 40 to 60 NTD.
It converts and stablizes the voltage with semiconductor modules.

The control unit can convert the low current and hight voltage flow into low-voltage and high current form.
With this unit, I can charge the power bank only by one generator with high power output.

There are still a major challenge in the prototype of ACFit.
It's the height of the water top.
If I set the waterflow system indoor, I can only have the water up to 2 meters, which can create only 0.5Pa of water pressure.
This might not be enough to generate the desired power output,
since the water flow capacity of the generators are quite small.

I might have to install the water top on 2nd floor and put the generater at 1st floor.
However, this may be quite troublesome.
---------------------------------------
二つの水流𣊫電機を入手した後、私は又回路計を一機購入しました。
それは電蔃と電流を測定するためです。
今まで私がこのプロジェクトのために掛かった金は1100NTDです。

この二つの𣊫電機の出、入水口はよく見られる仕昞です。
これは手間を省けた。
シャワーヘッドの水道管と𡜻𩦝するだから、直接琔𣺉を行うことが出?Sる。
私は家の三階で𣊫電の結果を測定しました。
５Volt定蔃の𣊫電機は確かに安定な電蔃を輸出できるが、
その電流は非常に低い、80∼60ｍAの位です。

電蔃が固定しない高工率の𣊫電機の方は8Volt、６０mAの電流を輸出。
昔、学校の物理学講義は”直流電は変圧不可能だ”と言っていた。
でもそれは真実ではない。
私はショッピングーサイトで一つのDC-DC高圧部件を見つかりました。
その部件は半導体を使って電流転換を実現したものです。
高圧低電流の輸入を低圧大電流を輸出できる。
これで単一の発電機で携帯用電源を充電できる。

だがACFitのプロトタイプにはもう一つの挑戦がある。
それは水タンクの高度です。

室内で水流装置を世知すれば、タンクの高度は最大２メートルに過ぎない、
つまり0.2Paの水圧だけ。
こんな圧力は十分な電力を輸出することが出来ない恐れがある。
二階でタンクを設置し、発電機を一階の地面に置く、
これなら設置複雑度が高くなる。
