在完成了新的輸水管路和水槽之後，高壓力狀態下的試驗仍然發生了水滲漏出來的問題。
我會試著用鐵氟龍止漏帶以及熱熔膠來處理。
時間已悄悄的流失了半年，現在最大的問題已經不是我何時能把ACFit做好，
而是今年之內我能把ACFit計畫推動到什麼地步。

只要是能夠運作並且把我想要表達的概念展示出來，那就是完美的模型了。

ACFit計畫除了建立概念演示用的模型之外，仍然有許多其他面向需要去拓展。
因為這是一個馬拉松賽事內型的活動，我需要舉辦活動相關的知識和經驗，
因此在下半年我必須親自參加相關的活動和社群。
這一類的路跑活動也可能會為我提供結交這個圈子的人士的機會，
而我目前在Youtube以及Medium上面累積的內容也可以成為支撐我的理念的工具。

另外3D列印的社群也是一個值得探索的地方，
我目前已經累積了不少相關的問題和一點經驗，也有了從建模到列印完全自製的作品，
或許能夠算得上是一個'Maker'了吧。
會使用3D列印的玩家有很大的比例是追求創新和改變的人，
對於ACFit這樣和過往馬拉松賽事完全不同的新型態、且具有公益性質的運動比賽，
肯定能吸引其中一些人的目光。

但是今年的雨水豐沛，或許在接下來的七八月，
不穩定的天氣也可能會讓我關注的路跑活動出現延期的狀況，
我必須能夠應付突然發生的變化才行。
---------------------------------------------------------
After the pipe and tank system were fully assembled, I put it under tests which had higher pressure condition.
Unfortunatelly, the leakage happend again.
I'll try to fix it with Teflon tapes and hot glue.

The time flew quietly and half of this year has already gone.
The biggest problem is no longer "When" can complete the ACFit project, but "How far" can I push the progress of ACFit forward.
As long as the model can demonstrate my concept, that would be a perfect model. Even if it suffers from numerous flaws.

There are many other aspects of ACFit project besides demo model that should be developed.
Since it's a sports event, I need knowledge and experiences in this type of campaign.
And therefor, I must participate in this type of event myself in the laterhalf of this year.
Such events might also give me the chance to build up relationships with associated personel.
The contents I've been accumulation on Medium and Youtube will be the support and foundation of my idea.

The 3D printing community is also an area which is worthy of discovering.
I've accumulated some amout of knowledge and experiences in this area.
And I had made things which is designed totally by me.
Maybe now I can call myself a maker.
Thouse who participate in 3D printing are more likely tobe interested in innovation and change.
To a novel type of event like ACFit, they might be interested .

The weather of this year is quite rainy.
The unstable weather might cause delay or other sudden changes to the events I targeted.
I must be prepared for any sudden changes.
-------------------------------------------------------
水管と水槽システムは全部完成した後、高い水圧の状況で又水漏れが発生しました。
私はそれをTeflonテープとGlueGunで処理してみる。

時は静かで動いた、今年はもう半分流された。
今の問題はもはや”いつか私がACFitを完成させること”ではなく、
”今年で私はACFitをどこまで進めることが出来るか”と言うことだ。

もしモデルは私が表現したい概念を示すことが出来るなら、
それが完璧なモデルだ。

ACFit計画にデモンストレーション用のモデルを除けば、
やはり開拓するべき部分が沢山あります。

ACFitはマラソン/レース見たいなイベントですから、このタイプの活動を経営することに関する知識と経験が必要有る。

その故で私はこれから必ずこの種類のイベントに参加し、しょしてそのコミュニティを入る。
あのイベントは私に人脈を発展させる機会を与えるだろう。
今YoutubeとMediumで積んでいる内容と文章も私の理念を支えるものになる。

ちなみに３Dプリント関連のコミュニティも探索する価値がある。
私はもう相当な知識と経験を積んだ。
モデルデザインからプリントまで自力で完成させた作品も有る。
今の私はMakerとは言えるだろう。
３Dプリント技術を従事する人々は大部分革新と変革を目指す人です。
ACFitみたいな新しい、そして公益を図るイベントは彼らに興味を引き起こすだろう。

今年の雨はかなり多いです。
七、八月の頃まて雨が続く可能性もある。
私が参加したい活動は雨のせいで延期するかもしれない。
私は変化を備えるべきです。
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
