MKIX的第一版完成了，而且這一次的模型稱得上成功!
它的馬達在接上橋式整流器之後仍能產生約10V 200mA的電流，
最重要的是它在運轉上沒有遇到太大的障礙，
在2019年的結尾，我終於做出了一個還算像樣的成果出來。

當然這一個模型仍有許多需要再改進的部分，
我在Facebook上公開之後也必須再製作改良版本。

回顧2019年，我一開始先是冷凍了一直無法有明確進展的城市設計與機器學習，
開始了我吧九年前就在思考的一個再生能源系統的開發，
初期摸索的時候真的犯了很多可笑的錯誤，
得出的結果也不盡理想。
為了製作品質更高的水力發電機模型，我開始探索3D列印的領域，
甚至入門了Blender平台的3D建模軟體，
中途當然有許多挫折，
但是和機器學習相比之下，3D建模和列印多了幾分自由和樂趣，
這也讓我有動力繼續改進自己的技術，做出了一點小小的成果。

下半年間困擾我們的土地訴訟也讓我們學到不少，
從一開始的手足無措一步步摸索保護自己的方法，
法律條文不會主動來保護我們的權益，
反倒是有一大群無恥的法律流氓在台灣四處肆虐、巧取豪奪。
一開始對我們伸出援手的人也有可能是另有企圖，只有自己把法律搞懂才能自保。

最後同時也是2018年初就開始的目標：建立穩定的人際關係網
今年不算是沒有成果，但是果然還是乏善可陳。
至對於我的下半生有很大的影響，我必須繼續把這個功課做下去才行。

----------------------------------------
The MKIX is completed, and the result can be treated as a success!
Its motor can produce 10V 200mA electricity output even with the bridge rectifier.
The most important thing is that it didn't have too much problem while being operated.
At the end of 2019, I finally made something meaningful.

Of course this model still need to be improved.
Imust create a better version agter I publish it on Facebook.

Looking back at this year, at the beginning I frozen the project of programming and machine learning,
 which failed to produce any meaningful progress.
And I started a project of renewable energy which I came up with eight years ago.
I made many ridiculous mistakes and the initial results were not ideal.

In order to create better hydropower models, I started discovering the field of 3D printing and even learned 3D modeling on Blender.
There were indeed plenty of frustraions. 
Compared to machine learning, however, it has more fun and freedom.
This motivated me to keep improving my skills and finally created some results.

The lawsuit bothered us during the later half of this year also made us learned a lot.
Frome knowing nothing , we searched methods to protect ourselves step by step.
The law wont automatically protect us.
To the contrast, there are a bunch of law thugs roaming around Taiwan and they rob people through legal processes.
Those who lend help at the beginning might hve other purposes.
The only way to protect ourselves is to understand the law.

The last thing, which is also the goal I set at the beginning of 2018: To create and maintain a stable social network.
I did achieved something in this year, but the overall result was tstill poor.
This goal will impact me in the rest of my life.
I must keep working on this task.

-----------------------------------------
MKIXの第一版は完成しました。
そして今回のモデルは成功とは言える物でした。
そのモータがBridge rectifierをつなげた後にも10V 200ｍAの電力が輸出できる。
一番大事なのは、今回のモデルは稼動中でたいした問題が発生していなかったことだ。
２０１９年の末、私は遂に一つ意味の有る成果をできた。
勿論このモデルには改善できる部分が未だ多い。
だからFacebookで公表する後、改良版を作る。

２０１９年を見返して、私は先ず長期間で突破が出来なかったProgramming とMachine learningプロジェクトを凍結しました。
そして八、九年前からずっと考えていた一つのRenewable energy systemの開発を始めた。
最初は本当に色々愚かなミスをしました。
取得した成果もあんまり良くなかった。

より品質が高い水力発電機モデルを作るため、私は３dプリントを始めた。
そしてBlenderの３Dモデル編集まで勉強し始めた。
その過程には勿論挫折が沢山あります。
だがMachine learning と比べれば、３Dプリントとモデル編集にはもっと自由と楽しみがある。
そのお陰で私は自分の技術を磨く動力を得た。

この半年間で私たちを困らせた土地訴訟案件も私を色々勉強させた。
最初はおろおろする状態、そして一歩ずつずつ自分を守る手段を見つけ出した。
法律は自ら私たちを守るわけがない。
逆に台湾には法律ヤクザがあちこちで罪のない人々の財産を奪う。
最初で自分たちに協力をくれた人も何かを企んでいる。
法律を理解するこそ自分を守る方法だ。

最後で、そして２０１８年の初めから定められた目標：人間関係を経営すること。
今年の成果はゼロではないが、あんまり良くなかった。
これは私のこれからの人生に大きい影響を起こすことだから。
この人生宿題をやり続けなければならない。
