最先提出告訴的那個地政士搞了一個飯局，想要拉攏土地共有人加入他那一邊，但是三十三位共有人裡面只有三個人赴會，
這些人都是欠了賭債或是把底地抵押的人，賭鬼和騙子果然最合得來。

我但現在還是感到很難過，社會上大多數不懂法律、非法律專門的人做得是真正在創造價值、幫助社會進步的工作。
然而那些把法律讀得滾瓜爛熟的人卻淨是和一些騙子與強盜為伍，
幹的是偷雞摸狗、打家劫舍的勾當!

法律有太多專有的名詞結構和規則，一般人真的難以讀通，
而且立法院裡的牛鬼蛇神早就歷經數十年把原本的法條些得千瘡百孔，
相是我們家的案子類型就是因為體地法修改之後才開始出現的，
那些炒地賊和騙子地政士不知道已經從中獲利多少了。

使用行星齒輪的人力發電機mkiv已經完成了，潤滑油讓系統的運作順暢許多，但是果然還無法克服磨擦阻力的問題。
我痛定思痛，用類似的結構設計出了MarkV，採用一般的齒輪組，
而且加速比降到只剩下1:4，發電機組選用550電機，先做出一個可以發得出電的模型，之後再來慢慢修改吧。

歷經九個月的思索和嘗試，我對CAFit的運作方式有比較完整一點的構想了，
它會是一個披著健身房外皮，以淨化空氣、改善生活品質為口號、具有舉辦馬拉松賽事能力的發電蓄水站，
CAFit標榜的運動發電只會是總發電量的一小部分，
真正的能量來源是以斯特林引擎儲存的太陽能與風力幫浦捕捉的風能。
它會有兩種不同類型的主要收入，一種是健身房會費與馬拉松參賽費用，
另一種是出售電力的所得。

--------------------------------------
That land administration agent who started the lawsuit organized a business dinner and invited the co-owners of our land.
He attemped to drag more people to his side.
But within 33 co-owners there were only 3 who attended the dinner.
These are people who have debt or land loan.
The gamblers make quick friend with con-men.

The mass majority of our society don't know or did not study in this area and yet they created most of of the value for the society.
It still irritates me that those who major in law always side with thieves and robbers.
Together, they steal money and land from those who have benefitted the society.

The law have many jargo and special structure.
It's too difficult for ordinary people to understand.
To make the situation worse, those fraudulant legislators had corrupted the law and made thousands of holes in it.
The lawsuits like our case are actually caused by such "holes".
These thieves and robbers already made billions of dollars from it.

The hand-cranked generator MKIV is done.
Greasing the gears did improve the rotation.
But still, the resistance/friction inside the system was too big.
To solve the problem, I created MKV with similar design but replaced planetary gears with spur gears.
I even lowered the gear ratio to 1:4.
The generator will still be 550 DC motor.
I'll make a model that really works. And then keep modifying it.
After condidering for 9 months, now I have more complete scheme for CAFit.
It will be a power/water plant with a skin of a gym which is capable of helding Marathon events.
The slogan of this project is "Workout to have a cleaner sky".
The main power source will not be human power, but the solar energy  collected by stirling engine and wind power collected by wind pumps.

--------------------------------------
訴訟を始めたあの司法書士は宴会を開いた。
彼は私たちの土地の共有者を篭絡するつもりでした。
だが三十三人の共有者の中にたっだ三人が出席した。
宴会に出た人は借金を持つ人間だ。
ギャンブラはやはり詐欺師と仲良くになるだな。

この社会の大部分の人は法律を専門していないが、本当の価値を生み出す仕事をやっている。
今でも気に毒のは、あの法律をすらすら暗記する人間ともが詐欺師と強盗と手を組む。奴らがしているのは、苦労した人々の財産と土地を奪うことだ。
法律には沢山な規則がある。一般人がそれを理解するのは難しいです。
そして議会の連中はすでにその法律に無数の”穴”を作り上げた。
私たちが訴訟に迫るの原因もこの穴の一つです。
あの地上げ屋供はもう何億円の利益を得た。

人力発電機MKIVは完成しました。
グリースは全システムの運転効率を大幅高めた。
だが摩擦とレジスタンスはやはり大きい過ぎた。

私はMKIVの基本構造を基にして、MKVを設計しました。今回は一般のギアを使用する。
そしてGear ratioは１：４。モータは５５０モータをそのまま用いる。
電力を作り出すことが出来るモデルを作る次第、ゆっくりモデルを改善しましょう。

九が月を渡ってわたしはCAFitの運営方針についてもっと完全な構想が出来た。
CAFITはジムの皮を被って’空気浄化と言うスローガンを持つ’そしてマラソンを開催できる発電施設です。
主なエネルギー源は人力ではなく、Stirling engineで収集された太陽能と風力パンプに収集された風能です。
