MKIII的第三版本可以按照我原先設計的方式順暢運作，
然而它由於齒輪比倍降至1:60，發出的電力明顯不足，只有4V / 200mA左右。
而且由於PLA材質的強度不足，總是在齒輪軸心的固定位置發生斷裂。

經過試驗和檢視之後，我認為MKVIII的設計比之前的七個模型都要來得可行，
只是細部結構尚需要再修改而已，
如果換上金屬軸心並且對整個結構進行強化，應該是可以產生出一個良好的系統的。

至於斯特林引擎的部分，
我在進一步研究之後發現很多的模型光靠太陽能的話最多只能做到空轉的程度，
不太能夠真正的產生足夠的動力輸出，
我恐怕還是得購入有金屬散熱系統的版本，並且制作拋物面反射鏡來強化太陽熱能的輸入。

十一月被各種商人搞成了一個購物狂歡的節慶時段，
各個平台都大肆推出佑使人進行過度消費的手段。
但是我勉強還頂得住這一波攻勢。
不得不說我在學生時代開始養成的節儉習性替我保住了不少錢財。

當然有時候我也會覺得自己撙節的程度有些過分，
碰到一些該買的東西卻下不了手，或是猶豫時間過長。

不過對於那些垃圾食物和飲料又或是華而不實的奢侈品，
我是不會浪費半毛錢在上面的，他們只會為我帶來未來的負債而已。
至於我在進行的各種實驗用材料的部分，就算最後實驗結果是失敗的，
錢也不算白花，因為這是在實現我人生的目標，是有實質意義的消費。

--------------------------------------
The third version of MKVIII can function as I designed.
But since its gear ratio was reduced to 1:60,
 the electricty generated wats obviously not enough.
And since the strength and durability of PLA shafts was not enough, 
they always broke at the same point.

After experimenting and comparing, I consider the design of MKVII to be more feasible than previous models.
It just need some modifycation.
If I replace the shaft with steel bars and fortify the overall structure, it should work well.

About the stirling engine, I discovered that many solar stirling engine models can only move without any loading.
They will be unable to create meaningful output.
I'm afraid that I still need to purchase models with metal structure.
I should also make prabolic reflector to amplify the solar heat input.

November is turned in to a month of shpping festival by merchants.
Every shopping platform ambiciously release special compaigns to boost up sale.
But I barely endured this wave.
I must say that my thrifty behavior which is formed up while I was a student really saved me plentiful of money.

Of course sometimes I also felt that I was in over austerity.
I could not spend the money even when it's necessary or considered for too long.

But I would never spend a penny on those Junk food and useless luxuries.
Those things will only bring me debt and create zero value.

As for the experimental materials of my projects, even the reslt was a failure, the money was not wasted.
Because this is what I really want to do in my life.

---------------------------------------------------
MKVIIの第三版は私がデザインした通りに動くことが出来る。
しかしそのGear ratioは1：60に落ちたから、輸出した電力は明らかに足りなかった。
４V　200ｍAしか出来なかった。
そしてPLA材質の強度が足りなかったせいで、シャフトがいずも同じポイントで割れた。

実験を再検した後、私はMKVIIIの設計は前のモデルよりいいと判断した。
細かい部分に改修する必要があるだけです。
もし鉄のシャフトを採用し、そして全体の構造を強化すれば、いいシステムに成れる筈です。

Stirling engine のモデルについて、
私がもっと研究した後”沢山なモデルは太陽熱だけでは空転しか出来ない”と言うことを知った。
これじゃ意味の有る動力が作らない。
恐らく金属製のモデルを買う必要がある。
後はParabolic Reflector を作って太陽熱の威力を増幅させる。

十一月は商人たちに一つのShopping festivalに改造された。
かくShopping siteは様々なキャンペーンを開催して売り上げを増やすことを目指した。
私はなんとなく今回の攻勢を耐えた。
学生時代で養成した倹約な習慣は私に多い金を節約した。

もし論を私は時々自分をけちすぎるだと思った。
買い物をしたときは考えしすぎた。
でも私は決してあのジャンクフードや実用性のない贅沢品を買わない。
そんなもはただ未来の負債を増やすだけだ。
私が今行われている実験のための材料の方なら、たとえ実験が失敗しても、
その金は無駄にしていない。
何しろこれは私が本当にやりたいことだから。
