這週我稍微有了一些成果，之前預定要製作的量勺與包裝袋束口夾的JSCAD設計模組已經達到接近完成的階段，
我目前正在進行試印，藉此來找出需要修正的地方，
還只差一個設計專案我就可以達到本月分四個設計的目標了。

不過我的patreon頁面仍然沒有設置完成，
網路上關於patreon的教學文章多如牛毛，但是深入介紹patreon的並不多。
我之前搜尋3D列印相關的patreon專案的類型意外的少，
擁有較高贊助人數的專案主要是以販賣桌遊用的人偶塑像以及製作3D列印相關技術影片的這二類，
我要做的這種專案類型倒是從未有過，
目前thingiverse已經有藉由scad來達成的Customizer，
但是他仍需要安裝軟體才能使用。

我目前也尚未建立paypall或payoneer的帳號，
我正在試圖找出一個比較安全且費損較低的選擇。
paypall的銀行侷限在玉山一家，在處理上可能會很麻煩，
作為後起之秀的payoneer似乎事費用較低且支援較佳的選擇。
但是在匯入銀行的時候還要考慮到最低手續費的問題，
我得在這個議題上多研究一下。

上周我家的那台老爺車的電瓶不小心被放到沒電了，
我了個充電器把它給救了回來，在週末的時候開上附近的風景區，
這台車的性能仍然還在堪用的狀態，在去程和回程的路上都沒出什麼問題，
要換新車還是很久以後的事吧。

---------------------------------------
I made some little progress this week.
The scheduled projects which are jscad designs of spoon and bagclip are almoste complete.
I'm now handling the test print and see if there are places that must be adjusted.
With one more design, I can achieve the goal of this month.

However,m my Patreon page is still not ready.
THere are plenty of tutorials on the internet about Patreon.
But few of them have delved deeply into this topic.
To my surprise, the 3D printing related project I've found so far on Patreon are not so many.
The popular projects fall in tow catagories:
Model maker who create figurines for board games and Video creators who make contents about 3D printing.
The others don't have much popularity.
The catagori I'm going to make is never been done before.
Currently the thingiverse has added customizer function by scad.
But it requires installation of that software.

I haven't create a paypal or payoneer account.
I'm trying to find a safer choice with lesser costs.
Paypal is restricted to Yu-san bank and might be troublesome to handle.
The payoneer which came after Paypal seems  to charge lesser and have better bank support.
But from 2020 the Payoneer has the intermediary bank issues.
I still have to study further on this topic.

Last week that old car of my family had its battery totally emptyed.
I bought a charger to revive it.
To test the car, I drove it to nearby scnery park.
It looks like this car is still in workable status.
It didn't had any troubles during this trip.
The day of replacing this car is still far away.

----------------------------------
今週で少し成果が出来た。
前で計画したSpoonとBagclipのJscad designは完成の段階に近い。
私はそのモデルを試しプリントしている。
こうすれば修正するべし場所を探し出すことが出来る。
後もう一つの設計が出来たら、私は今月の目標を田精できる。

でも私のPatreonページは未だ完成していない。
ネットでPatreonについての教学は山ほどある。
しかし詳しい紹介をするものはあんまり居ない。
私が探し出した３Dプリント関連のプロジェクトの種類は意外と少ないです。
高い人気を持つプロジェクトは二つシュウ類に限る。
一つはテーブルゲーム用のフィギュアの３Dモデルを作る。
もう一つは３Dプリント技術関連の動画を作る。
他のプロジェクトにはあんまり人気がない。
私が作りたいのタイプは今まで存在していません。
ThingiverseにはSCADによるCustomizer機能が付いている。
しかしそれはSCADをインストールする必要がある。

私はまだPaypalやPyoneerのアカウントを作っていない。
私は一番安全な、そして費用が低いものを使いたい。
Paypallの入金銀行は玉山に限る、そして管理も面倒なこと。
Paypalの後から成立したPayoneerの費用は前者より低い、支援できる銀行も多い。
しかし国際送金の手数料が問題になる。
私はこの課題をもっと勉強するべきです。

先週でうちの古い車のバッテリがからぽっくなった。
私は充電器を買ってあのバッテリを充電した。
車を試すために、それを乗って週末である景勝地へ行った。
この車は未だ使える状態です。
今回の旅で何の問題も発生しなかっあ。
新しい車を買うのは未だ早いだろう。
