自動建模產生的stl檔在本週被順利列印出來，
我同時比較了舊版和新版Cura的切片檔之列印效果，但並沒有明顯的差異，
它們的品質都稱得上是良好，
這意味著我在3D列印工作坊的創立已經踏出了小小的第一步。

然而需要注意的是Blender在自動建模時產生的模型有時候會有嚴重的破圖和自我重疊問題，
另外從圖片轉換出svg路徑時，若圖片本身的樣式有問題，
產生的路徑也會有斷裂或歪曲的現象。
如果一開始就能夠得到乾淨的svg檔案會讓整個工作流程輕鬆許多，
這也是我想要建立互動式前端網頁的原因，
如果能讓客戶明確了解自己的需求，並且自行將stl路徑畫出來的話，
無論是在和客戶協調報價或是編輯模型時的作業都會更佳的有效率。

值得一提的是，我在網路上找到了一個已經停止營業的網站，
它正好就是在提供3d餅乾模的自助建模服務。
在沒有Blender的狀態下按照客戶畫出的路徑產生出各種切模的stl模型檔，
而且它還提供及時預覽。
我必須去仔細的研究這個網站背後的機制，它可能會讓我連用Blender建模的工作都省去!

這個月完全籠罩在疫情的陰影之下，許多行業都受到了嚴峻的考驗，
如果CAFit的創業計畫被實行的話，肯定也會受到衝擊的，
雖然他已經將比賽的形式從千百人齊聚一堂改變為單純的個人健身房行程，
但是在疫情告急的時候，參加人數絕對還是會下滑的，
穩定的每月參賽人數所產生的現金流是CAFit存活的關鍵，
我必須要學習並且設計出更周全的商業模式來因應這種狀況。

------------------------------------------------
The stl models which were generated by automated modeling were printed.
I also compared the slicing quality of old and new versions of Cura,
but there were no significant difference.
The overall performance is good.
And this means that I made a little step forward in the workshop project.

However, there are some things which I must be aware of.
The first is that automatically generated models by Blender sometimes will have severe issue of glitch and overlapping.
Another is incoorect or abnormal svg paths generated by bad picture patterns.
If I can get clean and corret svg files from the begining, my job will be much easier.
This is also the reason why I want to create a front end website.
If I can let my clients figure out what exactly they wnat and generate svg paths all by themselves.
not only the negotiation but also the making of the models will become more efficient.

There is one thing worthy of mentioning:
I found a website which belongs to a company which seized its operation.
The service this site offers is exactly creating 3d models of cookie cutters online.
It can generate stl models according to the paths drawn by users without the help of Blender.
It even offers real-time preview of these models.
I must study this site in detail.
This may make the Blender unnecessary.

This Feburary was haunted by the threat of covid-19.
Many industries were in dire situation.
If CAFit was established, it will absolutly be impacted too.
Though it already turned the method of competition from gathering hundreds and thousands of people at the same place to simply follow personal gym schedules.
When the status of the pandemic become worse, there will be lesser participants.
The stable cash flow generated by these participants is the key to CAFit's survival.
I must learn more and design an more robust business model for this kind of situation.

-------------------------------------------------------------
自動的に生成されたSTLモデルファイルはプリントされた。
私はついでにCuraの新しいと古いヴァージョンのパフォーマンスを比べた。
でもあんまり差別は居なかった。
全体から言うと、品質は良いです。
これは私が３Dプリント工房の創立について小さな第一歩です。

しかし注意が必要あるのは、Blenderが自動的に作ったモデルには時々重大なGlitchとOverlappingが発生する。
そしてもしBitmap影像のパタンに問題があったら、生成されたSVG pathも不連続や歪みなどの現象が現れる。
もし最初から綺麗な、そして正しいSVG pathを手に入るなら、全体の作業はとても楽になれる。
これも私がインターアクティヴの先端Webぺーじを作りたい理由です。
もし最初からクライアントが自分の要望を明白に説明する、そして自力でSVG　Pathを作れば。
工房とクライアントとの交渉もモデルの製作ももっと効率的になれる。

特に注目したいのは、私が最近ネットであるサイトを見つかった。
それはCookie Cutterの３Dモデルを作るサイトです。
Blender除いての状態でクライアントが描いた線画を直接にCookie cutterのSTLモデルを生成する。
ちなみにReal-timeのPreviewも可能です。
このサイトのコードを徹底的研究しなければならない。
もしその背後の技術を掌握すれば、Blenderによるモデル編集の作業も必要ないです。

今月は完全にCovid-19の影に包まれていた。
沢山な産業は厳しい状態に入った。
もしCAFitが成立したら、感染拡大による衝撃は必ず受けるでしょう。
CAFitは千、百人を同時に一つの場所で集まらない、別々な時間と場所で競技する。
大規模な感染を防ぐ出来るが、今のような状態に成ると、参加する人はやはり減るだろう。

固定毎月参加する選手による現金流はCAFITの存続の鍵です。
私はこのような状態に対応できる策を作らねばならないです。
