Covid-19在東亞的疫情應該是會告一段落了，
不過它帶來的經貿上的衝擊恐怕是接下來才會顯現，但或許也會產生新的機會。

我這三個月來幾乎每天都有長達七小時的時間戴著口罩，
現在真的感覺有些輕微缺氧跟呼吸習慣改變了，注意力也大不如前。

之前法院的判決書終於寄出了，不過結果仍讓我們有些意外，
雖然我們已經迴避了被拍賣或是解除套繪的結果，
但法官最終卻採用了那個地政事所提出的土地分割方案，
所有人的土地面積都失去一部分用在一條公用道路上，
這個結果恐怕會讓許多共有人提出上訴，
無論如何，這場官司仍會持續下去。

在Creative Dimension的商業模式設計方面，
我認為要著重在3D列印製造過程的最前端，也就是產生出3D模型的這一個階段。
從3D列印情報網站得到的情報來看，已經有太多大型化、甚至是跨國經營的3D列印服務提供者了。

CreativeDimension要從最前端的市場切入，提供入門級的自助建模服務，
用類似patreon的講麗芳是，讓網站的贊助者提出所想要的功能，
這會讓自助建模系統更有吸引力，也能產生相對應的收入。
最重要的事要讓網站的流量放大，如此才能說服建模業者與3D列印服務提供者，
讓他們願意每個月為了維持在CreativeDimension上的帳號而付費。

我最近在研究音樂盒與3D列印的時候發現有其它的可行方案，
木琴的結構可以完全用PLA印出，不像音樂盒受限於金屬音梳，
而且已經有人成功設計出木琴版本的手搖音樂盒了，
我打算在接下來的五月探索它作為商品的可能性。

-------------------------------------------
The pandemic of covid-19 seems to be contained in east Asia.
But its impact on the economy might take a while to show up.
And yet it may create new business opportunities.

In recent months I've been wearing masks for longer than 7 hours.
Now I really feels that i'm having slight apnea and change in breathing behavior.
My capability to concentrate seems to be damaged too.

The written judgments had finally arrived.
But the outcome was a little bit surpricing.
Although we evaded the fate of being forced to sell our land and house, the Judge eventually accepted the Land administration agent's plan for dividing lands.
All the land lord's share will be decreased due to the establishment of a new road.
This result will likely to cause them to appeal to the high court.
No matter what, this lawsuit will continue.

About the design of Creative Dimension's business model.
I think it should focus on the front end, which is the making of 3D models.
From the informations I gathered from websites, there are already too many large and international service providers.
The Creative Dimension should focus on the area which not much people are competing in.
By offering entry-level DIY modeling service and develop new modeling functions according to supporters of the website, the system/ services will be more attractive and create corresponding income.

The most important thing is to maximize the wesite's traffic.
This is the key to persuade modeling experts and 3D print-on-demand service providers to pay monthly for their accounts and subscription of services.

Recently I found a new possiblility while studying 3D printed music boxes.
The xylophone instruments can be fully 3D printed.
And it's not necessary to use metal parts like combs in music boxes.
There are already existing designs which have programmable notes.
I'm planning to discover its possibility in the next month.

---------------------------------------------------
東アジアのCovid-19の状況は抑えられたようだ。
でもそれが経済に与えた衝撃はこれからだ。
しかし新しいBusiness chanceを生み出す可能性も有る。

この三ヶ月間私は殆ど毎日マスクを七時間以上つけていた。
今は本当に長期的な酸欠と呼吸行為の改変が感じた。
集中力も減っていた。

裁判所からの判決文はとうとううちに届けた。しかしその結果はちょっと意外だ。
土地が強制的に売られると言う最悪の事態を避けたが、裁判長はあの司法書士が提出した土地分割方法を採用した。
これじゃ全体の土地共有しゃの所有面積は新しい道路のせいで減る。
こんな結果を知ったら、恐らく多くの共有者は上級裁判所にアピールするだろう。
何せよ、この訴訟は続けるだろう。

Creative DimensionのBusiness modelの設計について、
私は３D製造課程の最先端、つまり３Dモデルを作る部分を重視するべきと思う。
情報サイトによると、既に沢山な大型企業が中、後段階のサービスを提供している。

Creative Dimension は簡易レベルのDIYモデル作りシステムを提供し、
そして有料会員の要望によって、新しい機能を加える。
これでサイトの人気と収入も増えるです。

一番大事なのは、サイトのトラフィックを最大化することです。
これこそがモデル設計専門者と３Dプリント業者を説得出来る証拠。
これがないなら彼らは決して毎月の料金を支払わないです。

最近私が３DプリントとMusic boxを研究していた際、他の計画を考えついた。
Xylophoneはかんぜんに３Dプリントできる。
それはMusicBoxと違って、きんぞくCombのようなものが必要ないです。
そしてMusic boxのような手動音楽デヴァイスのデザインは既に有る。
私はこの五月でその可能性を調べるです。
