我從來都沒想過自己居然有機會再出社會之後浴上兩次的經濟大衰退，
但是最近這一次的狀況令我感到十分詭異，
因為各國的政府重度干預股票與原物料商品的價格，
使得股票價與商品指數又重新被撐高，
與大量公司破產倒閉以及失業人口的大增等現狀形成了非常諷刺的對比，
沒有人知道那些債台高築的政府接下來還會幹出什麼事來。

MIT創業課程的講師在第一堂課的時候提過在經濟環境不佳的時期仍可能是創業的時機，
有不少的企業其實是在經濟危機的時候崛起的，
但是這種機會只屬於那些已經準備好的人，
我很明顯的還沒累積到足夠的實力，
不論是專業技術領域、專案執行能力或是社交的能力都弱得不堪一擊，
我現在覺得生活作息的紀律對於這些能力的強化是有很大的效果的，
我有必要重新規劃自己的作息，壁面自己一而再、再而三的陷入浪費時間的循環。

每天下班到家後我其實都有足夠的時間休息，
但之後要開始進行當天原訂的行程時卻老是分心，
雖然我理性上知道分心去做的事情大多是沒什麼價值的，
但是它們帶來的滿足感和新奇感讓我開始想要放棄會帶來挑戰和挫折的學習與編輯工作。

我在排程的時候不只要設定"做什麼"，更要設定某個時段"不可以做什麼"，
提醒自己不要再落入圈套，
另外也要盡可能的延後和縮減娛樂的時間，因為他們實際上的娛樂效果不佳，
只是一而再、再而三的給我逃避困難的機會而已。

我已經不想再待在這個工作環境裡，主管階層已經明顯失去他們的功能了。
他們不到一天到晚自欺欺人，而且連做出決策的能力都喪失了大半，
這家公司要出狀況真的只是時間的問題而已。

-----------------------------------------
I've never though that I could encounter reat recessions twice in my carrer life.
But this time the situation is very weird to me.
The governments around the world heavily interfered the prices of stock and raw materials.
This caused the prices and indecies got inflated and created a irony when compared with the large number of bankruptcies and unemployment.
No one knows what these dept-overwhelmed governments will do next.

The lecturer of MIT start up course said in the first lesson that it might be a chance to start a business among a down time of economy.
Some great companies are actually funded during economic crisis.
But the chance belongs to those who are well prepared.
Apparently, I haven't accumulate enough resources.
My capability in professionalism, project execution, and social skills are terribly weak.
I feel that the daily life habbits is very important for developing those skills.
I must rearrange my life schedules and prevent myself from getting trapped in the loop of procrastination.

I usually have enough time to rest agter I get oof work.
But when I am going to start the next scheduled task, I always got distracted.
Although I understand that those distractions are not worthy at all, 
the satisfaction and sense of novelty made me want to give up doing things which will bring challenges and frustrations like learning and coding.

I must not only plan the things to be done, but also note things that I should not do in that period of time.
This will allow me to avoid those traps.
Also I should postphone the amusement time since they are not very effective.
The are just an excuse for me to escape from the desinated task.

I don't want to keep working in my current company.
The managers are already dysfunctional.
They not only trapped themselves in self-deception but aso lost their capability in making decisions.
It's just a matter of time before the company run in to serious troubles.

--------------------------------------
﻿自分が社会人になった後、二度と大規模な経済衰退を遭遇することは思わなかった。
しかし今回の状況は怪しいです。
各国の政府激しい手段で株と原料商品の価格を制御した。
その故に価格が再び高くなった。
大量な会社が破産と失業人数の拡大などの現状と比べたらとても皮肉な状態です。
それら厖大な借金をもつ政府たちはこれから何をするか？
それは誰でも知らない。

MIT起業コースの講師は第一回の講義で”景気が悪い時代も企業の機会になる”と言った。
有る企業は実に不景気のときで成立された。
しかしこんな機会は充分な準備を整った人間に限る。
私の実力は明らかに不足だ。
専門技術も、計画を実行する行動力も、そして社交の能力も弱すぎる。
私は”生活の紀律”がそれらの能力の育成と強化にとってはすごく重要だと思う。
自分は改めてに事情の行動を計画するべしです。
自分が何度も同じ罠に引っかからないようにしたいです。

毎日帰宅後、私には充分な休む時間が有る。
しかし休んだあと、予定されたスケジュールに従って次の仕事を始まる際、
私はいずも気を散らして、他の事をした。
やったことにはあんまり価値のないものと私は理解できるが、
それからの満足感と目新しさは私に挫折と困難が起こすし事を止めさせた。

スケジュールを決めるときは”何をするか”だけではなく”何をしませんか”をちゃんと考えべきです。
そして出来る限りエンターテイメントの時間を遅らせて、その期間を縮める。
だってその愉楽の効果は低いし、自分に困難から逃げる機会を与えただけです。

私はもう今の会社で働きたくないです。
ここの管理者は明らかに本来の能力を大半失った。
彼らは彼ら自身に嘘をつけている。
そして策を決めることも出来ない。
この会社が新聞事件に出るのは時間の問題だ。
