我花了六到七天的時間把陳學健先生的作品<<飛翔的海龜>>做了一些改造之後印出，
讓原本只有動作的模型能擁有背景音樂，而且音樂盒模組隨時可以替換，
雖然初次的作品在運作上不是十分的順暢，但是大致能展現我想要產生的效果，
我把這個作品放上了Facebook並且知會了原作者，
我想要這樣子一步步和一些有經驗的Maker建立起聯繫，
更加深入的探索這個社群。

我另外正在打草稿，準備在Facebook上貼文詢問再生能源相關的3D列印專案，
順便也把自己目前的構想公開已讓他人檢視，或許會得到一些以前從未想過的點子。

目前正在修改中的MKIX模型第二版會加入雙重棘輪的結構，
再一次的嘗試單向旋轉動力輸出的手法，
另外第一版的零件有很多其實可以沿用，這會讓製作的進度更容易向前推進，
不過大概還要一兩周才能製作完成。

土地訴訟案的部分，那個地政士似乎又打算要繼續玩下去了，
他出席了這次的口頭辯論，主張和之前一樣，
但是我們這邊仍然維持不解除套繪、維持原狀的做法。
這些一天到晚興訟詐取他人錢財的法律流氓不知道已經浪費了多少社會資源和他人的時間，
他們和流竄全台的詐騙集團一樣可惡，是寄生在台灣社會的癌細胞。
我們要有和這種慢性病長期抗戰的準備。

------------------------------------------------
I spent several days to modify "flying sea turtle" by AMAO Chen and printed it out.
Tis made the automata capable of playing music while moving.
The music box is freely swapable.
The initial prints was a little cringy, but it showeed the effect I wanted to generate.
I post it on facebook and informed the author.
I want to make connections to experienced makers step by step and dig deeper in to this community.

I'm also making a post which will be posted on 3D printing group of Facebook,
asking about renewable energy related projects.
I'll also explain my idea to the others and see if I can find things that I didn't noticed before.

The model of MKIX version two will have double rachet structure.
I will again challenge the one way rotation output system.
Besides, ther are actually many reusable parts from version one.
This will push the progress foward.
But I think I still need a couple of weeks to finish it.

Talking about the lawsuit, that shameless land administration agent wanted to keep bothering us.
H attended the oral debate this time.
His proposal remained the same.
But we still hold on our position, insisting on not to change the usage of the land.

Those law thugs who rob people by starting lawsuits had wasted enormous amout of the society's resources and people's time.
These bandits are no better than conmen groups.
They are both cancer of Taiwan's society.
We must prepare ourselves for fighting such chronical disease.

---------------------------------------------
六、七日間をかかって、私は陳學健先生の一つの作品＜＜海を飛ぶ亀＞＞を改造しました。
本来動作しか出来るAutomataに音楽機能を加えた。
Music box unitはいつでも交換可能です。
最初の作品の作動はあんまり順調ではないが、殆ど私が表現したい効果を出した。
わたしはこの作品のヴィデオをFacebookに発表しました、
そして原作者にメッセージを送りました。
私はこのまま一歩つづ経験の有るMaker達と関係を結ぶ。
このコミュニティをより深く探索する。
ちなみに私は
今草稿を書いている。
Facebookの３Dプリントグループで再生エネルギー関連の問題を聞く予定です。
私は自分が考えている構想を公開する。
これで昔気づけなかったことを見つかるかもしれない。

現在編集中のMKIX V2のモデルにDouble ratchet構造を加えた。
私は再び”One way rotation mechanism ”を挑戦する。
V1のパーツはそのまま用いることができる物が多いので、今回の製作速度が速めになるだろう。
でも完成するにはやはりー、に週間が掛かる。

土地訴訟案件について、あの恥知らず司法書士は未だ訴訟を続けるようだ。
奴は今回の口頭弁論に参加しました。
主張は前と同じ。
しかし私たちはもとの立場を死守していた。
必ず土地の元の使用状態を維持する。

奴みたいな法律ヤクザどもは常に訴訟を起こって他人の財産を奪う。
奴らはもう膨大な社会資源を浪費しました。
詐欺師集団と同じく台湾社会の癌だ。
私たちはこのような慢性病と戦う覚悟を持つべしです。
