fLEXY 建模系統的製作遇上了瓶頸，
主要的問題來自於Three.CSG的功能未能正常運作，
我在網路上看到不少的範例能夠正確的得出結果，
但是當我使用匯入的obj檔案與Extrude geometry 產生的CSG物件進行布林運算時，
得出的結果確是不正確的，這個問題在上個月我就已經碰到了，
但時至今日我仍然沒能解決。

看樣子我有必要把ThreeCSG仔細的研究一下，
我在Github上有找到其他人以Three.js與Three.CSG搭建CAD平台的實例，
或許它會有幫助。

創業要懂的東西真的很多，最近我在看公司記帳與會計相關的教學影片，
商業記帳的作業真的很複雜且繁瑣，它的目的是為了避免公司內部的弊端、貪汙，
另外要明確的呈現出公司的財務狀況。
如果做老闆的不去仔細了解並掌握這一部分的業務，
只是單方面去信賴財務人員的話，內部的人遲早會開始對公司的資產上下其手，
我工作上有往來的公司裡面就有幾家不只發生了一次的業務侵占事件。

我現在體認到一個人要一直做出最有利、就長期而言最合理的決定是十分困難的。
這個世界上有太多誘惑令人分心了，
我在讀書的時候就有太多太多比我聰明數倍的人因為無法專注而高不成低不就，
社會上絕大多數的人往往是一天到晚菸酒飲料不斷，
但是在看到自己戶頭的金額時就開始哭窮、控訴社會不公。

另外作為一個公司的決策者要設定正確的策略並實地執行也是充滿挑戰的，
我看過一些理想很高的主事者訂出了一些不切實際的計畫，最後都無疾而終。
我作為Creative Dimension的主導者，只要是市場想要且沒有犯法的，
我都得去做，我完全沒有資格和本錢去拒絕客戶想給的任何一分錢。

-----------------------------------------------------
I encountered some obstacles in the making of flexy model editor.
The major cause of it was the dysfunction of Three.csg.
Most of the examples I saw on the internet can do the job correctly.
But when I did the boolean operations on inported obj models and extruded geometries, the result was totally incorrect.
I already encounted this problem last month, but now I still can't fix it.

It seems that I should study ThreeCSG closely.
I found a project on Github which build a CAD system with Three.js and CSG.
Maybe this will help.

There are plenty of knowledge required to launch a startup.
Recently I'm learning basics tutorials about accounting.
The financial accounting operations are very complicated and have a ton of rules.
Most of them are made to prevent corruptions andtheft inside a company.
These rules also have to clearly present the financial situabion of the company.
If the leader ignores this part and blindly entrusts the people in charge of financials, sooner or later someone is going to steal from the company's assets.
I've witnessed several theft event among the companies I had transactions with.

Now I understand that its extremely difficult for someone to always make and execute the best and reasonable decisions.
This world is filled with distractions.
When I was a student, I saw too many people who were way smarter than me but failed to achieve anything since they can't focus.

Most of the people in this society can't quit smoking and dinking even for an hour.
But when they look at their bank accounts, they would star accuseing the society to be unfair. 

By the way, as a decision maker of a company, the challenge of setting practical strategies and executing them efficiently is also very difficult.
I've seem some leaders who were filled with ideology made impractical plans and those plans all failed miserably.
As the leader of a company, I have no right to refucse any dollar from my customers.

---------------------------------------------------------

Flexyモデルシステムの製作に困難があった。
その原因はThree.CSGが正常に稼動できなかったから。
自分がネットで見つけた教学例は正常稼動できるが、
ImportされたObjファイルとExtrude geometryで生成されたCSG物件Boolean操作する時、その結果は間違っていた。
先月で私はこの問題を発見したが、今でも解決できなかった。

どうやら私はThreeCSG.jsを詳しく研究必要がある。
Githubで私は他の人がThree.jsとThreeCSGで作ったプロジェクトを見つけた。
これは助けになるかもしれない。

起業に必要な知識は沢山居ます。
最近私は会社のAccounting関連の教学を観た。
その作業は大変に複雑です。
その目的は会社内部の横領などの不正行為を防ぐ、そして明白に会社内部の財務状況を示す。
もしリーダたちはこの部分を勉強しない、たった一方的に財務担当の人間に頼れば、会社内部の人はいずれ資産を盗み始める。
私が働く場所と取引があった有る会社もそんな事件が何度も起こった。

私は今”一人の人間が長期的に正しい選択をし続けることは大変難しいこと”を理解した。
この世界に人の注意を奪う物は多い過ぎた。
学生時代のとき、多くの人は私より賢いでしたが、専念できないのゆえに失敗の道へ歩んだ。
この社会で大部分の人は常にタバコとドリンクを絶えずに買う。しかし自分の口座の残高を観ると社会の不公平を訴え始めた。

会社のリーダとして、正しいく実現性高い計画を作ることも難しいです。
私が知った有るリーダは理想主義に囚われて様々な計画を提出した。
しかしそれは全然実現性がないだから全部失敗に終えた。
Creative Dimensionのリーダとして、私に客が支払った金を一文も拒否する権利がないです。
