為了弄清楚Creative Dimension適合的公司型態，我又調查了相關的資訊，
目前台灣的公司法已經修正到讓一個股份有限公司也可以擁有技術出資以及股權轉讓限制等機制，
這在幾年前是只有閉鎖型公司才辦得到的，
算是讓股份有限公司的功能可以和國際的標準相當了，

但是Creative Dimension公是靠在台灣的業務是絕對不可能長久發展的，
我勢必要盡速把業務拓展到海外，特別是3D列印社群已經完全發展成熟的歐美地區，
這樣的布局必須要有完整的國際法律和權力保護，
設立境外公司是許多新創企業的因應方法，
或許Creative Dimension也該走上這條路。

我在這些課程資訊中也學到一個觀念，公司必須在資金告急之前就先確保下一筆資金的來源。
但是募資的對象是有優先順序的，
如果有辦法弄到低利率的貸款的話，就不應該向投資人或創投公司募資，
因為他們不只會要求股息，更會取得公司的持份，
從一開始就避免股權分散和被惡意併購的風險是必要的。

就我的狀況而言，應該是先跳過第一輪的慕資，
用現有的資金來建立並且策是這個商業模式的可行性，
當營運狀況穩定下來，準備要進入擴張階段時在事情況進行增資或慕資。

我正在製作一個改良版本的簡報，
使用大量的圖片來讓它變得更加容易理解且具有說服力，
估計下周就能夠完成，不過Flexi建模系統可能要到下個月才能完成了。

------------------------------------------
In order to figure out the best company type for creative Dimension,
I searched for related informations and tutorials.
The current regulations in Taiwan are reformed to enable on limited company to have mechanisms like investment by technology and limitations on the trade of stocks.
These mechanisms were limited to only "closed company" before.
This made limited companies in Taiwan more compatible to international standard.

However, it's impossible to support Creative Dimension's long term development all by Taiwan's market.
Imust expand the services to the global market as soon as possible.
Espacially on Europe and America where the 3D printing communities are fully developed.
Such market strategy must be supported by complete protection of international law.
Creating oversea banking units is as method applied by many of Taiwan's start up companies.
May be Creative Dimension should also follow this path.

I also learned an important concept: One company have to secure the fund for the next round before the current fund runs out.
But the source of funds have preferencies.
If someone can get a loan from a bank with low interest rate, he should neither go to the angel investors nor veture caitals.
Because the later will not only demand stock but also require interests.
It's necessary to prevent the risk of dispersion of stock shares and hostile takeovers.

Judging from my case, Ishould skip the initial funding and test the feasiblility of this business model, when the company gets stablized, we will condider increasing investment or go for a round of funding.

I'm now working on an improved version of brifiing on my project.
I added a lot of pictures to make it more easy to understand and appealing.
It can be done int the next week.
But the flexi modeling system may have to wait until next month.

--------------------------------------------
Creative Dimensionに対して一番適当な会社体制を見つけ出すため、
私は関連の情報を調べた。
今の台湾の会社法は修正された。
株式会社でも”investment by technology”と株の売買制限が出来る。
数年前では閉鎖型の会社だけがこんなことが出来る。
これで国際の標準に達したようだ。

でも台湾の市場だけではCreative Dimensionの長期的な発展を支えないです。
私は出来る限り早くサービスの範囲を海外に広げるべきだ。
特に３Dプリントコミュニティが成熟したヨーロッパと北米地域です。
こんな発展戦略には完全な国際法律と権利保障が必要です。
Oversea Banking　Unitは多数の新鋭企業が採用した方法です。
Creative Dimensionはこの道を選ぶべしかもしれない。

私は教学からもう一つの観念を勉強した。
会社は現有の資金が使えきる前に、次の段階の資金を確保するべしです。
しかし資金調達の方法と対象には順番が有る。
もし低い利子の借金が入手できるなら、VentureCapitalを探しない方がいい。
後者は利子だけではなく、会社の株も求める。
最初から株の分散とHostile takeoverの可能性を避ける方がいいです。

私の状況から見れば、第一段階のFundingを略して、現有の資金でこのビジネスモデルを作って、そしてその実現性を検証する。
会社の経営状況が安定になる時から状況によって増資あるいはFundingを考える。

私は改善版のBriefingを作っています。
大量な影像を使って、その内容をもっと面白くそして理解易くなる。
来週でこれを完成させる予定です。
でもFlexiシステムの方は来月まで完成できるらしい。
