我完成了最初版的Financial projection，在經過檢視之後
我發現Creative Dimension的最重的成本果然還是人員的薪水，
總人數不到十人的團隊就可以把大半的利潤吃掉，
但當公司發展到擁有足夠的使用者以吉合作廠商數量時，公司確實能獲利。

這個版本仍然需要更多的訂正和調整，
首先要把網域以及虛擬主機的確切費用列出，
而且公司成立的費用以及稅率也要考慮進去。
把公司的財務結構分析清楚才能制訂出適合的營運方針，
這樣子才能正確使用之前在會計書學到的方法。

在Flexy 建模系統的方面，現在已經可以藉由jscad來處理並且把來自2DCanvas的圖形轉化成立體模型，
初步的CSG運作測試也十分成功，和Three.CSG的效果相比好太多了，
我也在jscad的環境下建立了最關鍵的可動關節模型。

在下一週，我將進行最重要的開發步驟，將3D模型加上可動關節，成為可3D列印的Flexy模型。
要讓這個功能完成所需要的code還真不少，
因為我必須提供使用者各種操作手段來建立他所想要的模型。

再使用了openjscad一段時間後，我發現它也有一些潛在的問題，最重大的一個就是它的版本眾多，
除了官方github網頁的版本之外，還存在有正在修訂的第二版，
而我正在使用的版本又是不屬於上述所說的另一個版本。
每一個版本所使用的語法都有出入，
這讓我在學習和實際開發上碰到了不少困難，
我目前會繼續使用現在的版本，因為它的結構最簡單，
但未來招募到正式開發團隊以後，
採用最新的版本應該會有更好的支援和效能。

---------------------------
I made the initial version of Financial projection for Creative Dimension.
After examing it, I confirned that the heavist lod is indeed the payment for employees.
Ateam with size below 10 persons can eat up most of the revenue.
But when the user count and service providers grow big enough, the company will generate profit.

This version still needs more adjustment and some corrections.
First I have to add the expense on domain name and internet hosting.
The cost of registrating the company and taxes should also be concerned.
A decent strategy can only be made when the financial status of the compay is clear.
And the techniques I learned from the accounting book will only function when they are calculated from correct data.

On the development of flexi model system.
It can now accept shape points from a HTML5 canvas and extrude it into a 3D model with jscad.
The initial result on CSG operations was quite successful.
Ant it was far better than the threeCSG.
I also made the key componet which is the joint model under jscad environment.

In the next week, I will do the most important develoment process, which is adding the function to create flexible joints on 3D models.
This will generate printable 3D models.
In order to create this function, it requires plenty of coding because I have to offer the users methods to maneuver and craft the model they want.

After developming with jscad for some time, I found that it also has some potential problems.
The giggest one is variety of versions.
Besides the official release on Github page,
there exists a version "V2" whcih is still under adjustment.
And what I'm useing is yet another version.
All versions differ from each other.
This caused me many troubles when I was learning and using them.

I'll keep using the current version since it have simplest structure.
But when I build up the development team, moving to the latest version should have better support and performance.

----------------------------------------

私は最初のFinancial Projectionを完成した。
調べた後、私はCreative Dimensionの一番重いコストがやはり人事のコストだと確認した。
人数が十人以下のチームだけで半分以上の収入を消耗する
でももし会社が充分に使用者とService providerの規模を発展すれば、利益は費用を遥かに超える。

このヴァージョンにはもっと修正と調整が必要です。
先ずはDomainNameとCloud hostingの料金を加える。
会社の登録と成立に関する費用、そして税金も考えるべしです。
こうして会社の財務構造を詳しく調べるこそ、あの会計の本から学んだ方法を正しく使う。

Flexyモデルシステムについて、今はJscadによって２D Canvas の図形を３Dモデルへ転換させられる。
最初のCSG操作実験も成功です。
その結果はThree.CSGよりよほど優れた。
私はJscadの環境のしたで大事なJointモデルを作った。
来週で私は一番重要な開発段階に入る。
それは３Dモデルに可動の関節を加えること。
これで３DプリントできるFlexyモデルが作れる。

欲しいモデルを作れるように、使用者に様々な操作手段を提供するだから、この部分に必要なコードが沢山有る。

Openjscadを使い始めた後、私はその潜在の問題を気づいた。
一番重大なのはこのLibraryに大量なヴァージョンが有る。
公式サイトで使うもの以外に、修正中の第二版がある

そして私が使っているのは又別のヴァージョンです。
これらのコードの規則に沢山の差別がある。
これは私が開発と勉強の過程に困難を与えた。
一番簡単な構造が持つだから、私は現在のヴァージョンを使い続ける。
しかし正式の開発チームを募集できたら、
最新ヴァージョンを選べる方が一番善いサポートとパフォーマンスを獲るだろう。
