我在IThome的發問並沒有收到什麼有價值的回應，
因為沒有人提出具體的數字，感覺答非所問。
或許我還是自己去收集英文資訊會比較妥當。
先收集網路空間業者的價位區間，另外調查itslith、cookieCaster
等網站是用哪一種層級的伺服器方案。

github以及google都有免費的架站平台，火也可以在上面做一些小試驗，
把網站的試作品放上去，進而預估出網站運作所需的流量和運算能力。

將匯入的模型檔案改為stl之後，之前發生的bug聘沒有被解決，
被切割的3D模型仍然發生了嚴重的破圖。
目前我想得到的成因只剩下一個，就是作為模型主體的mesh本身有問題，
它可能是再生成時的設定，又或是在傳遞的過程發生了變化，
我接下來要做的嘗試有二，
首先是改動原先的ExtrudeGeometry的設定，
第二個是放棄在客戶端生成3D模型，
直接接收各個點的座標值以後在伺服器端生成ExtrudeGeometry，

如果這兩個方法都沒效的話，我考慮把健模引擎轉換到openjsCAD上面，
雖然openjsCAD的規模還比不上Three.js，
但是它很明顯的將開發方向射定在建模上，
只要他順利發展下去，遲早會在這方面超悅Threejs的。

Creative Dimension的介紹文件數量增加了不少，因為要包含創立它的各種面向，
目前完成的有1.專案簡介  2.Crowdfunded dev  3.Business Plan
由於情報收集不是那麼的順利，而且我受限於自身的技術能力，
所以Financial project與網站細部規畫的部分仍是未完成的。

下個月的目標有三:
1.完成Financial projection
2.在google或其他免費平台把網站試作品架設上去
3.開始招募團隊成員

------------------------------------------------------------------
My question posted on IThome didn't get much valuable replies.
No body gave me any specific number on the cost of a website and most of them are not focusing on the topic.
Maybe I would better gather these information in EnglishI'll first gather the pricing information of the web-hosting services.
And check if I can findout what service package is subscribed by cookie caster & its litho.com.

Github and Google offer free website platforms.
I may be able to do some little experiments on those by running my website prototype on them.
This will tell me how much bandwidth and computational force are required.

After changing the imported model file format to STL,
the bug was still not fixed.
The cutte model still suffered severe glitching problem.
\The only possible cause I can imagine lies within the cutted mesh itself.
It might have proglems in its settings, or it gone wrong during the transmission between the server and the client.

There are two methods i'm going to try.
The first is to change the setting of the original mesh of ExtrudeGeometry.
The second method is  to give up forming 3D models on client side and pass the shape points directly to the server to create the extrude geometry.

If all of these methods failed, I'll consider about switching the modeling system from threejs to jscad.
Although the scale of openjscad is still small, since it clearly sets its target to CAD applications, it may sooner or later exceed three.js in this area.

The documents for Creative Dimension had increased a lot.
This is because I have to cover all aspects of this project.
The completed ones are:
1.Project introduction 2.Crowd-funded development. 3.Business plan.

Because I had trouble gathering info and limited by my own skills.
The financial projection and detailed website structure was not done yet.
Threre are three objectives in next month:
1.Complete financial projection
2.Run the prototype website on google cloud platform
3.Start recruiting team members.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ITHomeで提出した問題にあんまり価値が高い答えがもらえなかった。
誰も具体的な数字を言い出しただから。
なんだかその答えが問いに対してとんちんがんだ。
自力で英語の情報を検索する方がいいと思う。
先ずはWeb　Spacing業者のサービス価格情報を集める。
そしていｔｓぃｔｈとCoockieCaster観たいなサイトはどんなServerを使っているかを調べる。

GithubとGoogleもフリーのWeb－Hosting　Platformが有る。
私はそれを使って小規模な実験を行う。
そしてサイトに必要のTrafficとComputational forceを予測する。

ImportされたモデルファイルがSTLに変えた後、前のBugが修正されていませんでした。
分割されたモデルにまた重度な破損が起こった。
今私が考えられる原因は一つ、それは分割対象としてのMeshに問題がある。
この問題は生成される頃に発生した、あるいはServerに転送されたときに何か変化が起こったかもしれない。
私がこれから試す方法はふたつ。
先ずは元のExtrudeGeometryの設定を修正する。
もう一つはClientSideで３Dモデルの生成を止める。
直接に全てのPointをServerへ送る、そしてServerでExtrudeGeometryを生成する。

もしこの二つの方法は全て失敗したら、
私はモデルのエンジンをOpenjsCADに切り替わる。
OpenJscadの規模はThreejsより小さいですが。
このプロジェクトはCADに専念した。
もし開発が進み続けば、何時かこの領域でThree.jsを超えるだろう。

Creative Dimensionの紹介用書類が沢山増えた。
これはこのプロジェクトの全てを説明するためだから。
今完成したものは：
1.プロジェクト紹介
2.Crowd-funded Development
3.BusinessPlan

データ収集が順序ではなかった、そして自分の技術力に制限されたから、
Financial Projectionとサイトの細部デザインの部分は未だ未完成でした。
来月の目標は三つ：
1.Financial projectionの完成
2.GoogleのPlatformに試作サイトを移植する。
3.チームメンバのリクルートを始める。
