在ThreeCSG上進行的最終測試仍然失敗了，
因此我把建模引擎從Three.js轉移到了jscad上面，
目前已經完成了初步的移植，在node.js的客戶端正常運作，
它可以接受網頁元件中的Text並且轉換成javascript程式碼，
接著按照程式來運行3D建模運算。

openjscad的作法是讓使用者在瀏覽器已程式碼來進行建模，
它還支援輸出可分享的.jscad檔案，
讓任何懂得使用openjscad的人都能分享他人的設計，
這個機制十分有潛力，已經有數位開發者用Github page架設了自己的範例網站。

這或許就是最適合Creative Dimension的最初運作模式，
我會在googleCloud的免費平台上面架設一個原型網站，
提供的功能為Flexy模型建模，
接著在KickStarter上面設立專案，招募支持者與開發團隊成員，
募款的目標金額就是第一年的所有營運和人事成本，
在這一個方案，我會放棄將所有建模相關程式碼藏在伺服器的做法，
讓大部分的運算再使用者的電腦完成，
這雖然會導致網站被抄襲的機率大增，但是在處理效能方面是最經濟的，
而且openjscad這個平台原本就已經存在大量的分享機制，
開發者人數不多，但大多都是精通網頁設計與3D建模的人，
就算Creative Dimension把自己的程式碼藏起來，
只要有人想要加入這個市場，在人才與技術上是不會有太大的難度的。

要讓Creative Dimension能夠在抄襲與競爭當中存活下來，
我認為必須要確立這個網站的品牌和使用者忠誠度，
我之前購司的Crowd-funded development以及使用者社群的發展就是達到這個目標的方法。

經過調查之後，我發現網站空間的費用除了高等級的雲端主機以外大多都不貴，第一年的費用在數百美元上下，
但第二年以後會迅速增加，而且主機服務業者的效率和品質也是必須注意的。

-----------------------------------
The last tests on three.CSG had all failed.
And I hence switched the modeling engine to openjscad.
Now the initial transplantation is done.
The client side on node.js can function normally.
It can acquire plan in HTML elements and transform them into javascript cod and then execute them.

The openjscad allows users to create 3D models with browsers.
It also supports sharable .jscad files, which can be distributed freely to anyone who know how to use openjscad.
This make 3D designs easily sharable and have huge potential for further development.
There are several developers who already created their example websites using Github page.

This might be the fittest model for Creative Dimension's initial operation.
I'll create a prototype website on Google cloud's free platform.
The services it offers would be flexi models and other simple things.

After that I will create a kickstarter page and start raising fund and recruiting development team members.
The funding target is to cover all expenses of the website and salary for employees.

In this project settings, I will five up hiding all model-related code in the server and let most of the computations be done on users' computers.
Though this will significantly increase the risk of being copied by other competitors, it's the mode economic solution for the 3D processing.
Besides, jscad already hve strong mechanisms for sharing designs and code.
The developer community is still not ver big, butmost of its members master both web-developing and 3D modeling.
Even if the Creative Dimension hide all of its code.
As long as there are people who wants to enter this market, it would be not too difficult to find people and technological resources. 

In order to help Creative Dimension survive the piracy and competitions, I think it's crucial to establish the website's brand image and earn loyalty from users.
The crowd-funded development and management of user community are solutions for this.

After some survey, I found that prices of first year's costs for web-hosting are not so expensive as long as it's not a high-end coud machine.
The prices are within several hunderd dollars.
But the prices will go up swiftly after first year, and the quality of these service providers may differ.

-----------------------------------------

ThreeCSGにおける最後の実験も失敗した。
故に私は３DモデルのエンジンをJscadに移った。
今私は最初期の移植を完成した。
Node.jsサイトのClient　Sideで正常稼動できる。
これはWebpageの中にあるTextをJavascriptに転換し、
そしてそのJavascriptによってモデルを生成する。

OpenJscadの設計は使用者にInternetBrowser でコードで３Dモデルを作る。
このシステムは共有可能の。.Jscadファイルを輸出できる。
.Jscadファイルによる設計の共有化を実現する。
このメカニズムに発展性がとても高いです。
既に数人の開発者がGithubpageで自分の試作サイトを作った。

これがCreative Dimensionに一番相応しい初期運営方法かもしれない。
私はGoogle cloudの無料Platformでプロトタイプサイトを作る。
Flexy モデル作りというサービスを提供する。
そしてKickStarterでプロジェクトページを作る。
サイトの支援者と開発チームメンバーを招く。
目標の支援金は第一年の運営と人事コストです。

この計画で私は全てのモデル関連のコードを隠すことを諦める。
大部分の計算は使用者のコンピューターで行う。
それはサイトの内容がコッピーされる機会を大幅増えるが、
サイトの３D処理コストが一番安いになれる。
それにOpenjscadには大量な共有メカニズムが有る。
開発者の人数は多くないが、略全員がWeb開発と３Dモデルの専門家です。
たとえCreative Dimensionのコードを全て隠すでも、
もしこの市場に入りたい人間が居れば、人材と技術資源を調達することは難しくないでしょう。

Creatvie Dimensionをコッピと競争の中から生存させるため、
私はこのサイトのBrand imageと使用者の忠誠度を確立するが必要と思う。
前で考え出したCrowd-funded developmentと使用者コミュニティの発展はこの目標を達成する方法です。

調べた後、高級のCloud machine hosting以外のWeb-hosting の価格があんまり高くないと気づいた。
第一年の価格は数百USD のぐらいです。
ですが第二年以降の料金は沢山増えます。
そのサービスの品質にも注意するべしです。
