經過測試以後，ThreeCAD版本的ThreeCSG仍然有我之前發現的Bug，
這個bug雖然可以用一些手法修補，但是整體而言得出的布林運算結果仍是不正確的，
因為我在使用Boolean 聯集加上的關節零件無法被接合上去，
而且模型整體發生了嚴重的破圖現象，
Cura切片軟體產生的切片檔案也嚴重錯誤。

我另外側試了一個較新版本的CSG Library，但是問題完全沒有被解決。
或許這個問題是出在我匯入了obj格式的3d檔案去進行布林運算，
過去所見到的成功範例都是用原生的3D模型或是stl檔案讀取的。
我會在Github上的討論區問看看有沒有人能解決這個問題。

看來並不是只有我在考慮使用javascript語言在網頁上進行3D建模，
目前已經有openJSCAD等數個開源的專案，
不過它們都還在非常早期的開發階段，
而且使用者取向是那些懂得3D建模和程式語言的人，
和CreativeDimension的目標完全相反。

經過大概一個月的練習，我對於作帳的流程還有分錄時的思考方式變得比較熟練了，
不過作帳科目的歸類還不是那麼清楚。
未來CreativeDimension進入商業運轉的話，
我會考慮採用記帳軟體來輔助公司的作帳，
電子化的作帳也會讓各種財務報表更加容易圖表化。

另外一個需要詢問專家意見的是架設和維持網站的費用，
目前網站代工以及虛擬主機的市場非常競爭，價格也很混亂。
而CreativeDimension的網站性質十分特殊，
沒辦法直接套入那些網路業者提供的方案，
我打算在ITHome上面發文問看看。

-----------------------------------
Through testing, I found that the ThreeCAD version of Three CSG still have the same bug I encountered on ThreeCSG.
This bug can be partially fixed with some techniques.
But the overall result of boolean operation is still not correct.
It was because the joint part that should be combined with the target model with boolean union mehod did not merge.
Besides, the resulting 3D model have glitching issues.
The resulting gcode from Cura also had serious errors.

I tried another CSG library which is newer.
But hte problem was totally unsolved.
Maybe the problem was caused by 3D models loded from obj files.
Those successful examples did the boolean operations only on models generated by code or from stl files.
I'll ask about this in the Github forum and see if anyone can solve this problem.

It seems that I'm not the only one who is considering about using Javascript to perform CAD operations on the browsers.
Currently ther are openJSCAD and several other projects which is experimenting on this topic.
But those projects are still in early stage of development.
And their target users are people who know both 3D modeling and programming.
This is the opposite to Creative Dimension.

After practicing for over a month, I'm much more familiar with accounting operations.
But I still can't distinguish every types of the accounting subjects.
When the creative Dimension is fully operational, I'll consider using accounting sofwares to facilitate the accounting process.
Digitalized accounting data should also be easier to graphicalized.

Another thing which I should seek expert's opinions is the cost of maintaing a website.
The industry of web-design and web-hosting is quite competitive.
The price offered by those company differs significantly.
The Creative Dimension has a unique structure which can not fit in the given solutions.
I'm planning to ask about it on IThome.

--------------------------
実験の後、私はThreeCADのThreeCSGでまえでおなじBugを見つけた。
このBug は修正できるが、全体から言うとそのBoolean operationの結果は正しくないでした。
その原因はBoolean Union operation で加えた関節パーツはモデル本体に雄吾させなかった。
それに３Dモデルに破損が発生した。
Curaで作ったGcodeも重大なエラーが有る。

私はついでに新しいCSG Libraryを試したが、その問題を解決できなかった。
この問題の原因は私がObjファイルからロードした３Dモデルを使っただからかもしれない。
前で見た例は皆Codeで生成した３Dモデル、あるいはｓｔｌファイルからロードされたものを操作するだけ。
私はGithubのForumでこの問題を提出する。

どうやらJavascriptでBrowserの上でCADを運行すると言う概念を考えている人は私だけではない。
今はすでにOpenJSCADと若干のプロジェクトがある。
しかしこれからは未だ初期の開発段階です。
それに目標の使用者は３Dモデル技術とプログランミングが出来るものだ。
Creative Dimensionの設定とは全然違っている。

一ヶ月の練習によって、私は何とか会計の作業に馴染んだ。
でも会計の科目を識別することは未だ下手です。
もしCreative Dimensionが正式的に成立したら、
私は会計用ソフトウェアを採用する。
電子化された資料はもっと操作易いだから。図表などの生成は自動化可能でしょう。

もう一つ専門家に質問したいことはサイトを維持するコストです・
現在Web-designとWeb-spacingサーヴィス業界の競争は激しいです。
価格も混乱している。
CreativeDimensionみたいな特殊なサーヴィスサイトを維持するには一体どれぐらいかかるか？
それをITHomeで質問する予定です。
