四月中左右的時間我幾乎無法專注在目前的專案上面，心思完全被ff7-Remake給抓走了。
雖然我和按十年前一樣只看別人的Playthrough而不去買來玩，
但是我仍然發現自己無法控制的去各種管道找尋相關的資訊和討論串。

它的確是一個做得很好的重製版，用最新的科技和細膩的手法重新詮釋了這個狀利的故事。
但是反過來看我自己在四月的表現可以說是乏善可陳，
我用非常不專心的方式看過了三堂MIT的創業課程，
它們讓我得以重新檢視自己目前的計畫，並且有了新的想法，
但我遲遲未能寫出一個完整的書面計劃，
我必須把這些課程重新看過幾遍才行。

另外CookieCaster的程式碼解析的進度依然緩慢，
我盡可能的以加入助解的方式讓它的原始碼能夠更加容易理解，
目前我的想法是把Demo模式相關的程式碼完全刪除，
因為它其實有很多功能沒有介紹到，另外自身也有須多Bug，
倒不如錄製數個不同主題的教學影片放在Youtube上面，再用HTML嵌入，
這樣子既省事又能大幅度削減Javascript的長度。

在建立社交網路方面，我依然是現在原來的死胡同裡面，
在Facebook上面只是被動的接收資訊，從未成功的建立任何關係，
我發現自己很難想出話題，也很難跟別人深入的交流。
然而我沒辦法放下自己的戒心，因為這些年來在社會上的經驗告訴我騙子和流氓實在太多了。
之前的土地訴訟案就是最好的例子，我居住的地方週邊的人實際上幾乎都不是什麼好東西，
但是我更應該去找出那些值得交往的人士。

-----------------------------------------------------
In the middle part of April, I could hardly focus on my projects.
My mind was totally captured by FF7-remake.
Although I only watched the playthroughs and did not play the game just like twenty years ago, 
I still couldn't help but kept collecting all kinds of informations and disscussions related to it.
This game is indeed a weell made remake.
It redefined the epic story with latest technology and detailed story telling method.

On the contrary, my performance in April was very poor.
I watched 3 chapters of MIT start up course videos in a very unconcerntrated way.
These did make me able to reconsider my current plan and have new ideas about it.
But I am still unable to write down a complete plan on paper.
I must review these chapters and complete the whole course.

Besides, my progress in analysing cookie caster's source code was still very slow.
I had tried my best to add detailed comments into its source code to make it easier to understand.

Now I'm considering about removing all demo-related code.
Since the Demo failed to include all of its functions and there are some existing bugs in it.
It's better to record tutorial videos of different titles and upload them to Youtube and then embed these into the webpage.
In this way, the code will simpler and easier to maintain.

On the topic of networking, I'm still trapped in the same rabbit hole.
I only accepted information from Facebook passively instead of making interactions and has made no solid connection.
I found myself having difficulties in finding topics to talk and unable to make deeper connections with other people.

However, I couldn't let my guard down since my experience in these years told me that htere are too may liers and conmen in this society.
Yet I should fin out those who is worthy of making connections with.

---------------------------------------------------
四月の頃私はほぼ全ての時間で現在のプロジェクトに集中できなかった。
私の目は完全にFF7Remakeに捕らわれた。
二十年前と同じく他人のプレイ実況を観るだけですが、
自分がどうしようもなく、その関連の情報を探り続けていた。
このゲームは確かに良く出来たものです。
最新の技術と繊細なテクニックでこの壮絶な物語を再現した。

その逆に私が今月でのパフォーマンスはとても悪いでした。
私は極めてに集中できない状態で三つのMIT　StartUP　Courseを観た。
それらのお陰で私は自分の計画をもう一度考え直した、そして新しいアイデアを出来た。
しかし私は未だ完全なる計画書を出来なかった。
これらのCourseをもう一度見る必要があるです。

ちなみにCookieCasterのコードの解析進度も遅いでした。
私は出来る限りCommentを入れてそのコードをもっと理解できる状態になった。
今はDemo modeに関するコードを削除するつもりです。
一つの原因はDemoは全ての機能を含めていないからです。
それにDemo modeにはBugがある。
Javascriptで作るより、教学ヴィデオを作って、Youtubeへアップロードして、そしてサイトに加える。
これでJavascriptの部分をもっと簡潔的になる。

人脈つくりの方面について、私は何時もぐるぐる廻っていた。
Facebookでは何時も受身の状態で情報を受けるだけ。
今まで何の人間関係も作れなかった。
私は自分が話題を考える方が下手で、他人と深い交流も難しいことと気づいた。

しかし私は自分の心理防衛を卸すことがあんまり出来なかった。
この数年間の経験は私に”この社会に詐欺師が多い過ぎる”と告げた。
去年から始まった土地訴訟案件はその一つです。

しかし私はやはり付き合う価値がある人を探すべしです。
