ThreeCAD是一位在CAD建模與網葉開發領域工作的工程師創作的，
它在ITHOME.COM有詳盡的介紹文章，而且程式碼的品質也不錯，
另外它解決了tHREE.JS以及tHREE.CSG內部的一些Bug，
這讓它顯得十分有價值。

不過由於它是在NodeJS環境下搭建，我必須先搞懂它。
目前我已經學完最基本的知識，對它的性質和語法結構算是有點概念。
ES6的模組化變成似乎已經是主流，
我所觀看的node.js教學也採用了這個規範，它會讓程式整體更加嚴謹，
適合像Creative Dimension這樣的專案，
不過node.js的教學有提到在處理高CPU運算成本的項目時，node.js會碰到困難。
不過按照cookie Caster以及ThreeCSG的成功案例來看，這應該是可以解決的。

我從記帳與會計的教學資源學到了一些基本的表單名稱，
還有作帳的完整會計流程，如果使用得當，
這些工具會幫助我了解Creative Dimensio的收入與支出結構，
雖然這些規則非常麻煩，但他是作為一個經營者必備的技能。

另外我也惡補了一些公司行號稅法的知識，
這幾年稅不是被改得越來越沉重了，如果不懂得有效的手段去減少稅損，
可能會落得空忙一場的悲慘結局!

我終於完成了第一個版本的Business plan，
使用的是一個和MIT opencourse所教格式相似的範本，來自於美國中小企業局。
不過它只是把Creative Dimension的基本要素列出
，而且也缺少MIT課程所說的一些元素。
更重要的是，它並沒有辦法讓人感覺到這是一個會賺大錢且吸引人的計畫，
我之前完成的簡報也有著相同的問題。

----------------------------------------------------------------
ThreeCAD was made by a programmer who work in CAD and web-related areas.
This project has detailed introduction at IThome.com and good quality of code.
It also fixed several bugs in Three.js and ThreeCSG.
These traits make it very valuable.

However, since ThreeCAD is developed inside node.js's environment, I have to learn it first.
Now I've learnt some basic knowledge of node.js and its properties.
It seems that ES6 of javascript is already the mainstream style of development.
The node.js tutorial I watched also used this style.
This will make the program more neat and rigorous, which is suitable of complex project like creative Dimension.

But the tutorial also mentioned that it is not suitable for CPU-intesive jobs.
Creative dimension needs a ton of 3D calculations and might have such issue.
But judging from the successful examples like cookiecaster and ThreeCAD, this problem may be solvable.

I've learnt basic concepts and charts in accounting from tutorials, including the complete accountin cycle.
If used wisely, these tools will help me understandin the income and cost structure of Creative Dimension.
Though it have complex rules, it's an essential skill for an entrepreneur.
I also learned some knowledge in company tax.
Those taxes are becoming heavier and heavier.
If I don't know how to effectively reduce these damages, I may miserably end up earning nothing.

I finally completed the first version of my business model with a template from US office of small business.
But it only has essential elements and lacks some important parts which are present in MIT open course.
Most importantly, it still can't make people feels that it's amazing and going to create huge income.
The briefing I've done earlier also suffered from the same problem.

--------------------------------------------

Three CADは一人のSoftware engineerが開発したプロジェクトです。
この開発者はCAD及びO-lineAppに関する領域の専門家です。
このプロジェクトはITHomeで詳しい説明がある。
そしてそのコードの品質も悪くない。
開発者はThree.jsとThreeCSGに潜んだBugを解決した。
以上の点によって、このプロジェクトの価値が高いです。

しかしこれはNode.jsの環境で開発されたものです。
私は先ずこれを勉強しないといけません。
今私は基本的な知識と開発方法を知りました。
JavascriptのES6Module programmingは主流の開発方法になったらしい。
私が観たNode.js教学もこの方法を採用した。
これはプログランの構造設計をもっと慎み深いになる。
Creative Dimensionみたいなプロジェクトにとっては相応しいです。
でも教学もNode.jsは重度なCPU計算が必要するときにパフォーマンスが落ちると言った。
３D計算が大量起こるCreative Dimensionはこの問題を遭遇する可能性がある。
でもCookie CasterとThreeCADみたいな成功例があるから、この問題は解決可能でしょう。

会計の教学資源から基本的な概念と会計報告の種類、そして作業の順番を学んだ。
もし正しく使えば、これは私にCreative Dimensionのコストと収入状況を知らせる。
会計の規則は多いですが、会社の経営者にとっては不可欠の能力です。

付いてに私は会社に関する税金規則を勉強した。
その税率はますます高くなりました。
もし有効的な手段で税からの損失を防ぐしないなら、最後は無駄の努力になる。

第一版のBusiness Planは完成しました。
私は米国のOffice of small Businessが提供した例を使った。
その構造はMITOpen courseが教えたものと大分同じですが、違う場所がある。
一番重大な問題は私のBusiness planは未だ人に”これは凄い、絶対大金を稼ぐぞ！”と言う感じが与えないだ。
