目前MKIX Ver2正在進行組裝，我在過程中仍然發現了一些設計上的失誤和瑕疵，
需要進行修正，完全組裝完成可能還要一些時間。

MKIX Ver2還有另一個潛在的問題是齒輪比過大，
這一次因為家上了棘輪結構，使得總齒輪比放大了三倍左右，
這可能會讓它和先前的幾個模型一樣陷入動彈不得的狀況，
不過可以靠著更換部分零件來解決。

至於Cafit的水利整合發電系統部分，我在Blender上面建立了一個極簡易的3D概念模型。
仔細檢視和研究這個系統之後會發現它仍然有許多挑戰，
我在查閱相關的研究報告和文獻實發現太陽熱能式Stirling引擎雖然比太陽能板來得有效率，
但是零件的複雜度和磨損速度也高出不少，
關於這一點，我打算靠著進一步簡化結構來克服，
讓受熱的Stirling機構直接以幫浦型是運轉，去除曲柄、飛輪以及多餘的傳動結構，
讓太陽能的作工徹底應用在抽水蓄能這件事上面，
不需要去浪費力氣在產生旋轉動能上面。

至於風力幫浦的部分，我認為也可以嘗試利用在太陽熱能焦點附近產生的上升氣流來收集更多的能量，
目前可以完全利用3D列印製做的就是風力幫浦，
在接下來的年假，我會在完成MKIX Ver2之後接著進行風力幫浦的建模。

-----------------------------------------
The MKIX ver2 is now under assembling process.
I again found several mistakes in the model while assembling it and these mistakes must be fixed.
This means that it still requier some additional time to be completed.

MKIX ver2 has another potential problem, which is large gear ratio.
The ratchet gear amplified the overall gear ratio by about three times.
This might make it unable to move like several previous models.
But I still can fix it by changing gears.

About the integrated hydropower system.
I made a simple conceptual model.
I looked closer to this system and found that there are still many challenges to overcome.
When I was reading research papers, I discovered that dispite solar thermal stirling engine can have much higher energy efficiency than photovotaic panels,
the cost of complex structure and high abrasion rate have made stirling engines less favorable.

About this problem, I think I'll overcome it by simplifying its structure.
Let the stirling mechanism work directly in the form of a pump and remove excessive cranks and flywheels or other unnecessary power-transfering structures.
The solar energy should be only used for pumping water.
No need for transforming the energy into rotational movement.

About the wind pump, I think it's possible to collect power by it from the hot airflow generated by solar thermal pump.
The part which can totally made by 3D printing is exatly the wind pump.
During the upcomming vacation, I'll start making it after I finish MKIX ver2.

-----------------------------------------------------------
MKIX ver2は今組立て中です。
私はその途中である設計上のミスを見つけた。
これらもまた修正が必要です。
MKIXを完成するには未だ時間が掛かるです。

MKIX Ver2には又一つ潜在的な問題がある。
それはGear ratioが高すぎることです。
今回はRatchet　Gearを使った故でGear ratioは元の三倍になりました。
これはMKIX Ver2を前のモデルと同じく動けない状態になるかもしれない。
でもこの問題はギアを交換することで解決可能です。

CaFitの水力統合発電システムについて、
私はBlenderで一つ簡易なモデルを作った。
このシステムを詳しく調べた後、挑戦と困難はまだ沢山有ると気づいた。
Stirling engineはPhotovoltaicPanelより効率が高いですが、
その構造の複雑さとパーツの損耗速度は高い。
この点について、私はStirling 機関の構造を簡単化で解決するつもりです。

太陽熱を受けたStirling機関が直接にパンプの形で作動する。
そしてCrankとFlywheelなど不要な構造を省略して、太陽エネルギーを徹底的に一つだけの任務に投入する。
回転運動へ転換する必要がない。

風力パンプの部分について、
太陽熱によって生成された空気流も使えるはずです。
このシステムの中で完全に３Dプリントで製作できるのは風力パンプです。
間もなく来るヴァカンスで私はMKIXVer2を完成させる後、このモデルを製作始める。
