第一個教學影片已經在Youtube上面發布了，
我按照之前所說的，用我能力所及的手段去製作這個影片，
需要改進的地方當然還很多。
我已經決定好下部影片的主題了，就是雙重文字幻象。
我已經印了三個成品出來，
這個設計的視覺效果會比其他的物品更加吸睛。

我會先在Facebook上面發佈影片的訊息，
當第二支影片完成之後，我還會嘗試聯絡一些經營3D列印相關內容的Youtube創作者，
請對方來剪是我的作品，
如果和他們搭上限的話，這個專案的推廣工作會得到很大的助益。

中文版的Paypal似乎有些部份的Donate功能是缺乏的，
我打算改用Paypal.me來取代原本的Donate按鈕，
這個服務似乎更貼近個人創作者的需求，
不過我還沒徹底了解他的全貌。

2020年只剩下一周了，我的3D列印創業計畫在今年經歷了非常大幅度的修正和轉折，
從Three.js到Jscad，從3D代印工作坊到模型設計創作，
不論在技術上以及商業模式上面都是和我最初的計畫有很大的出入，
雖然目前的網頁和paypal帳戶只算是最初的一小步，
但我總算是真正將計畫付諸實現了。

只是客觀而論，我今年的執行效率並不算高，
還是有太多的時間被浪費在沒有價值的事上面了，
我很明顯的還是卻乏破釜沉舟的決心，
在任務規劃上也有帶加強。

3D列印以及建模的技能專長就長期而言對我是有益的，
我應該繼續精進這方面的技能。

今年發生了不少大事件，COVID-19出乎我意料的居然在成了極為重大的衝擊，
歐美地區受創極為深刻，連帶的又造成金融貨幣市場動盪，
美元的瘋狂貶值又把Bitcoin從谷底推升到了新高點，
現在的市場處處可見各個政府和財團干預的"手"。

-------------------------------------------
My first tutorial video on Youtube is published.
I did what I said: complete this video with all I got.
There are still many flaws in it, of course.

I've decided the next video's topic, which is the dual-text illusion.
I've printed 3 pieces out.
This design will be more attractive than others.
I will make posts on facebook about my first video.
When the second video is completed, I will contact some Youtuber who's making 3D printing related contents,
asking them to review my design.

If I can create relationship with them,
my project will gain advantages when it comes to promoting the it.

The chinese version of Paypal seems to lack some donation related functions.
I'm considering about using Paypal.me to replace the donate button.
This service seems to be more suitable for personal projects.
But I haven't studied it throughly yet.

There is only one week left for 2020.
My 3D printing start up project had been through large changes.
From Three.js to OpenJscad. From 3D print-on-demand services to 3D design publishing.
In both the technical aspect and business model, I drastically corrected my plan.
Though my channel and website are nothing but a small step in early stage.
I can say that I finally put the project into practice.

Judging from a objective perspective, my efficiency in executing missions is not so high at all.
I obviously lack the ultimate determination to dive into this project.
My assignment of missions is also flawed.

I still think 3D printing and modeling skills are very valuable in the long run.
I should keep improving my skills in this area.

There were many impactful events happend this year.
Much to my surprice, COVID-19 caused tremendous damage, espacially in the Europe and America.
This subsequently caused turbulance in financial world.
The devaluation of US dollar pushed Bitcoin from low point to its new height.
The hands of goverments and corporations are evidently visible in global markets.

-------------------------------------------------
第一版の教学ヴィデオはYoutubeで配布された。
私は前で言った通り、自分が出来る手段でこのヴィデオを製作した。
改善できるところは勿論多いでした。
私は次のヴィデオの本題を決めた、それはDual-text illusionです。
私は既に三つの作品をプリントした。
このデザインは他の物件より人の目を引くだろう。

私は先ずFacebookで第一版の教学ヴィデオを宣伝する。
二つ目のヴィデオが完成するうちに、私は３Dプリント関連の内容を作っているYoutuberと連絡する。
自分の作品の評価を求める。
もし彼らと関係を結べば、このプロジェクトの宣伝については有利だろう。

中国語版のPaypalにある部分のDonate機能は欠けている。
私はPaypal.meで本来のDonateボタンと切り替わると思う。
このサーヴィスはもっと個人創作者向きらしい。
でも私はまだそれを徹底的に研究していなかった。

今年は一週間の時間しか残っている。
私の３Dプリント起業計画は今年で大幅な変化が起こった。
Three.jsからJSCAD。　
３Dプリントサーヴィスから３Dデザイン製作。
技術もBusiness modelも深刻な変動があった。
最初の一歩だが、私はようやく計画を実現し始めた。

客観的観ると、私の実行効率はあんまり高くない。
私はやはり多くな時間を無駄なことに賞もしすぎた。
自分にはやはり清水の舞台から飛び降りる決心がない。
任務の計画もまだ下手です。

３Dプリントと３Dもでるを作る技能は長期的に有益だと思う。
私はこれからそれを精進し続けるべし。
