Creative Dimension的首頁原型已經做出來了，
它可以展示最初始的介紹頁面，也能連結到建模系統，
另外還附有一個登入介面，不過目前帳號管理系統尚未被實作，
建模系統的繪出功能也實驗成功了，
它現在可以用文字的方式繪出obj格式的模型檔案，
只要把黨明改掉就可以讓3D切片軟體成功讀取其中的模型資料，
不過整體的系統內部仍有許多Bug，需要不少工夫來修正。

現在我需要製作一份可以說服目標專業人士加入團隊的簡報，
簡單扼要的說明Creative Dimension的商業模式和核心價值，
並且顯示出它背後的商機，
最近我在Youtube上找到並且觀看了MIT與哈佛的開放課程，
在商業模式的設計部分得到不少啟示，
在接下來的一周，我必須要把這個東西完成。

在進行Creative Dimension相關的工作時，我時常陷入自我懷疑的狀態，
進而失去繼續下去的動力，
和一般常見的創業家相比，我缺少極端的熱忱和集中力，
對風險和詐騙的恐懼也很大，
就算我擁有網站初期所需的資金，仍然無法彌補這方面的問題，
而且到目前為止我都是一個人在作業，缺乏團隊的支持與鞭策。

然而讓計畫延宕下去才是最糟的事情，因為時間和機會才是我最昂貴的成本，
既然我想要離開現在的工作，並且讓自己成長到人生的下一個階段，
那麼就要有承擔必要風險的勇氣和覺悟，和這接近十年的日常生活道別。
我已經不能再讓自己的人生停留在目前的階段了，
未來的人生必須要更多的技能和資源才能順利渡過。

-------------------------------------------
The initial prototype of Creative Dimension's Front page is created.
It can show the brief introduction and link to the modeling system.
I also added a login interface but its account management system is not implimented yet.
By the way, the exprot function for 3D model is also done.
It can now output the 3D model in obj formated text.
Once the text file is renamed as obj file, it can be read correctly by slicing softwares like CURA.
But there are still plenty of bugs in this system.
These may take a lot of time and effort to fix.

Now I have to create a briefing which can persuade the target professionals to join my team.
It must explain the business model and core value to tehm in a simple and clear manner so as to show the business potential behind it.
Recently I watched several open courses from MIT and Havard.
I learned a lot from these videos.
I'll creat this thing in this week.

While I was doing tasks of this project, I often found myself in self-doubting state and started loosing the motive to continue the work.
Compared to typical entrepreneurs, I lack extreme passion and focus.
And I also have huge fear to risks and frauds.
Even though I have enough fund for the initial stage, I still can't overcome these problems.
Besides, I've been working alone untill now and hve no support and motivation from a team.

But the worst result would be the delay of this project.
Because the time and opportunity are the most expensive cost to me.
Since I want to leave my current job and grow in the the next stage in my life,
I must be prepared and have courage to take the risk.
Time to say goodbye to the life style I've been in for almost 10 years.
I can't let my life stop at the stage anymore. 
My youth will fade with time.
I must grow and obtain more resources to suvive the rest of my life.

----------------------------------------
Creative Dimesionのホームページのプロトタイプは出来た。
これは最初の紹介ページをひょしする、そしてモデルシステムへのリンクもある。
ちなみにLog-in　Interfaceもつけられた。
しかしアカウント管理システムは未だ実装されていませんでした。

モデルシステムのExport機能は完成された。
それは今文字の形でOBJファイルを輸出できる。
TxtファイルをObjに変更すれば、CURAなどのSlicing softwareはその中にある３Dモデルデータを読み込める。
しかしシステム全体にはBugが沢山ある。修正するにはまだ時間が掛かる。

今私が作るべきものは目標の専門家たちを説得できるブリーフィングです。
明白でCreative Dimensionのビジネスモデルと中心の価値を説明する。
そしてその背後の可能性を示す。
最近私はYoutubeでMITとHavardのOpen courseを見かけた。
ビジネスモデルの設計について色々勉強させた。
次の一週間で私はこのブリーフィングを完成させる。

Creative Dimension関連の作業を進めるとき、
私は常に自分を疑った、そして作業を続ける動力を見失った。
一般の企業家と比べると、私は明らかに強烈な集中力と熱情が欠けている。
リスクと詐欺への恐れも強いです。
たとえ最初期の資金を持っているでも、私はこれらの問題を解決できないです。
それに今まで私はいつも一人で作業していた。
チームからのサポートと鞭撻がなかった。

しかし計画を延期し続けることは最悪のことだ。
それ原因は時間と機会が私にとって一番高いコストだから。
もし私が本当に今の仕事から離れたい、そして自分の成長を次の段階へ進めたいなら、
必要なリスクを受ける勇気と覚悟を持つべしだ。
この約十年間の日常から離すのだ。
これ以上自分の人生を同じ場所で停滞しちゃいけないです。
未来の人生にはもっと多い技能と資源が必要です。
