在構思Creative Dimension的商業模式細節方面，
我對於人力資源和技術研發的規劃陷入了兩難，
一方面我希望自己能掌握網站的合新技術以及專利/著作權，
但是我獨自一人開發的效率實在太慢，而且技術嚴重缺乏，
要光靠我自己一人就讓Creative Dimension成功上限終究是不可能的，

我現在能做的事情是盡可能的打造一個可以展示Creative Dimension核心機能的網站，
並且謹慎的找出少數幾位直得信賴的專業人士，說服他們加入營運團隊。
這個團隊至少需要一位後端負責網路管理的工程師，
另一位負責網站外觀設計和3D建模系統開發的前端工程師，
以及一位能夠執行行銷與公關業務的專家。

光是這個核心團隊的年度人力成本可能就會超過兩三百萬，
我必須盡可能的壓低最初使公司結構的成本才行。

與其大張旗鼓的進行宣傳和募資，我認為限從最小規模的狀態，
利用Patreon之類的贊助平台建立基礎的客群和收入，
並且不斷的從用戶的反應以及使用行為去分析"人們最想要哪些類型的物品/模型"，
藉此來決定新的3D模組的開發方向。
一開始就傲慢的去臆測使用者的需求是一件危險的事，
它可能會浪費大量的人力和其他資源。

當用戶人數達到一定標準之後，Creative Dimension會進行第一次的轉型，
開始向3D代印業者、建模專家、以及3D掃描業者提供媒合服務，
並且將財務收入的主軸從末端使用者轉移到這些公司行號上面，
原本的建模系統也會漸漸轉為完全免費，
因為當第一階段的商業模式成功之後勢必會引來各種競爭者，
與其死守這部分的業務收入，不如一口氣進行破壞性的價格戰，
藉此來擺脫任何可能的競爭者。

----------------------------------------
In the details of Creative Dimension's business model, I found myself in a dilemma on deciding the human resources and R&D.
On one hand I want to control the core technology of this site and the copyright/patent.
But the efficiency of my development was way too slow and I'm lacking the required skills.

It's impossible to make thw website online all by myself.
The only thing I can do now is to create a website prototype whihc can demonstrate all the core features of the Creative Dimension.
And then I will find and persuade several professionals who are trustworthy to join my team.
This team will need a back-end engineer who take care of the website's network operation.
Another engineer have to maintain and develop the website's fron-end and new modeling systems.
And there must be a marketing/ public relationship expert to handle the user's issues and propaganda campaign.
These persons along could cost me over two to three million NTD per year.
The cost is heavy and I have no choice bu to go for a lean startup.

Instead of doing large scale propaganda and funding campaigns,
I consider it's better to start at the smallest scale and build up basic customer groups and income with platforms like Patreon.
And  we must constantly analize the behavior and opinions of the users to findo out "what kind of models/things do people want most".
By doing this, the direction of developing new modeling systems will be decided.
Arrogantly guessing the demand of people without data and analysis is very dangerous.
It might wast great deal of work force and other resources.

When the user count reach a certain level, Creative Dimension will undergo the first transition.
It will start providing advertisement services for print-on-demand, 3D scanning, and 3D modeling service providers.
The main source of incom will also be switched to them.
And the modeling system will gradually becom free.
I't because the sucfcess in the first stage will attract competitators.
Instead of keep competing in this area for limited incom, it's better to execute a destructive price war and shake off the competitors.

-----------------------------------------
Creative Dimensionのビジネスモデルの細部を決めるところ、私はジレンマに陥った。
一方で私はこのサイトの中心技術と特許を掌握したい。
しかしもう一方で自分の開発効率は低すぎる、おまけに技術も深刻に不足です。
自力でCreative Dimensionを完全なる商業稼動させることは無理です。

私が出来ることはCreative Dimension の中心機能を展示できるプロトタイプーを作っる、
そして信用できるプロフェッショナルを数人見つけて、彼らを説得して最初の運営チームを作る。
このチームには一人のネットワーク管理担当のBackend engineerと、
サイトデザインとモデルシステム開発担当のFrontend engineerと、
あと一人はMarketingやPR活動の事情を処理する。
これだけの人数は一年二、三百万NTDが掛かる可能性がある。
最初の会社の経営コストを出来る限り低いにするしかない。

大掛かりに宣伝と資金募集を行うより、私は最低限の規模から始まる方がいいと思う。
Patreon などの支援サイトを通じて基本のクライアントグループと収入を作る。
そして使用者の意見と行為を分析し続ける。
”人たちは一体どんなモデルが一番欲しいか”と判明する。
こうやって新しいモデルシステムの開発方向を決める。

傲慢な態度で勝手に人たちの欲求を臆測することは危険です。
これは大量な人力とその他の資源を無駄にする可能性が高いです。

客の人数が有る程度に達した後、
Creative Dimensionは最初の変革へ向かう。
３Dプリント業者とモデルデザイナーと３Dスキャン業者を仲介する。
そして会社の収入源をこれらに変わる。
元のモデルシステムは次々無料になります。
これは破壊的な手段で競争者を防ぐ方法です。
