防積水肥皂盒的JSCAD設計順利完成，
不過我再往頁的建構上碰到了一些技術上的問題。
我採用的JSCAD版本所附的範例只有模型展示功能，沒有辦法繪出STL檔案，
在經過逆項工程並且研究過原始碼之後，
我成功啟動了可列印檔的匯出功能。

在上周我打算採用一個GITHUB專案的格是來陳列自己的JSCAD設計，
但是我發現它的結構過於複雜，使用了NODE.JS和JEKYLL來進行網頁的靜態轉化，
對我而言在檔案系統的管理上反而變得困難且不便，
我自己寫了一個簡單的靜態網頁，能夠輕鬆的重複利用CSS與JS檔案。
現在這個網頁系統已經被我上傳到GITHUB上面，只要頁面運作正常我就可以進行發表了。
當然我還得列印出一些樣品來測試它的可靠性。

我健立了自己的PATREON帳號，目前還有許多部分須要去設定和完成，
為了確認稅務上的問題，我還研究了一下官網上的說明文件，
目前美國對一年內USD 20k以下的收入是不會進行課稅的，
確定會被抽成的市PATREON以及PAYPAL / PAYONEER的手續費。
我已經藉由GITHUB上的試作品驗證了這個專案在技術上的可行性，
當我成功建立自己的用戶群之後，就會著手開始設定PAYPAL或PAYONEER以及銀行帳號的部分。

接下來要進行的工作仍然是十一月初所設定的目標，
持續的和各種可能的客層接觸，找出我有辦法滿足的需求吧。

----------------------------------
The jscad design for soapbox with drainage is done without much challenges.
But I was faced with some problems when making the webpage.
The example page from the jscad build I choosed can only display models.
It couldn't export STL files.
After some reverse engineering and research on its source code, I successfuly enabled the function of generating printable files.

During last week I was planning to apply the framwork from a github project ot display my jscad designs.
But I found that its structure was too complicated.
It uses node.js and Jekyll to make static pages.
To me, the file system is much more inconvenient to manage.
I wrote a simple static page which can easily reuse the CSS and JS files.
Now the page is uploaded to my Github repository.
As long as the page work normally, I can publish it.
Of course I also have to print some samples to test its reliability.

I created my patreon account.
There are still many things which require setting.
In oreder to check the tax issue, I studied some documentatin from the Patreon.
Currently the United States will not charge incomtax against overseas creator who earn lesser than 20K per year.
The confirmed cost of my patreon project will be fees to Patreon and Paypal/ Payoneer.

I've proven the feasiblility of this projectin the technical aspect.
When I build up my initial customer group, I will start my paypal/ payoneer and bank account for the project.
My following task remains the same, which is to continue persuing the goals I set for November.

----------------------------------
排水管付き石鹸箱のJscadデザインは順序に完成した。
でも私はウェブページの構築について、少し技術的な問題を遭遇した。
私が採用したJscadに付けたサンプルは３Dモデルを展示することしか出来る。
STLファイルを輸出機能がない。
私はReverse engineering した、そしてコードを研究した後、プリント可能のファイルを輸出機能を起動した。

先週で私はあるGithubプロジェクトの方法で自分のJscadデザインを展示したかったが、その構造複雑すぎると気づいた。
Node.jsとJekyllを使ってStatic pageを作ることはファイルシステムの管理の難易度を大幅増えた。
その代わりに、私は簡易なStatic pageを作った。
そのコードは簡単に再利用可能です。

今この際とは既にGithubにアップロードされた。
正常稼動すれば、私はこれを発表できる。
勿論私はテストプリントを作る必要がある。

自分のPatreon アカウントを作った。
今は未だ沢山な部分を設置する必要がある。
税金についての問題を調べるため、私は公式サイトの説明を読んだ。
米国は一年で20K USD以下の収入に課税をしない。
支払い必要があるのはPatreonとPaypal / Payoneerの手続料金。

私はGithub上の試作品でこのプロジェクトの技術的な実現性を検証した。
私自身の客層を作った後、私はPaypal/payoneerと銀行のアカウントを作る。

次の仕事は相変わらず先週で決めたものだ。
自分が満足させられる要望を探そう。
