為了安全起見，我在建立Paypal帳戶之前把Linux系統重灌了，
Linux的顯示卡驅動程式仍然產生了一些小問題，
不過我還是在一天之內把系統調整好了。

Paypal帳號的申請意外的快，
我照著之前調查的方法去建立帳號實並沒有碰上什麼錯誤或是困難。
至於玉山的連動帳號我想先擱置下來，先看看我到底能用這個專案賺到多少錢再說吧。

Paypal的Donate button設置也是令我意外的簡單，他只是一個能送出對我的Paypal帳號付款的html樣版而已，
但是這牽涉到錢的事情，我最好先查清楚要怎麼管理他，
並且了解背後的安全性問題。

我目前正在編寫網頁的Info page，ji3283nj04183
Donate Button放在這個頁面並且以幻燈片秀出我的設計開發歷程，
告訴使用者捐款將會更進一步激勵我製作更多的設計作品，並且改善網站的介面。

我第一版的教學現在看來真的有些簡陋，
既然我接下來要製作影片版本的教學，為何不順便製作一個更好的圖文版教學呢?
我錄製的影片就是最好的截圖來源了。

Youtube的專案頻道已經備建立起來了，
除了作為主角的影片之外，我還需要一些圖片來改善頻道的整體外觀，
當然我不可能一次就把網頁以及Youtube頻道做到專業級的程度，
先把我作得到的東西做出來，再一步步的修正和改進，
只要我能持之以恆就可以達到一定的水準。

-----------------------------------
To be safe, I re-installed my Linux system before creating my Paypal account.
The graphic card driver issue still caused some troubles, but I managed to set up the system in one day.

The creation of my Paypal account was surprisingly fast.
I did not face much error or issues when I followed the instruction.
As for the local bank account part, I think I'll halt it and see how much I can earn with this project first.

The donate button setting was also amazingly simple.
It's just a HTML template which can send request of paying donations to my paypal account.
But this is associated with money.
I'd better make sure how to manage it and understand the security issues behind it.

I'm now making the project's info page and planning to put donation button on this page.
I'll demonstrate progress of making new designs and persuade users to donate for more designs.

From today's point of view, my first version of tutorial is way too shabby.
Since I am going to make video tutorials, why not to make a better tutorial page for it by the way.
The video I recorded will be the best raw material for capturing pictures.

I've created my Youtube channel.
Besides the video as the main content, Istill need some pictures to improve the look of my channel.
Of course it's impossible for me to immediately make my channel into professional level.
I should make whatever I can and improve it step by step.
As long as I can keep working on it, my channel and website will achieve certain level. 
 
--------------------------------------
念のため、私はPaypalアカウントを作成する前にLinuxを再インストールした。
Linux システムのGraphic cardドライヴァー問題に少し時間が掛かったが、私は何となく一日で新しいLinux環境を設置した。

Paypal アカウントを作る過程は意外に短いです。
私が前で調べた方法を従ってアカウントを作る時に何のエラーや困難が発生しなかった。
銀行の連動アカウントの方はしばらく放置。
私がいくらを稼げるのかを知る後、それの作成を行う。

PaypalのDonateButton設置も案外簡単でした。
これはただ私のPaypalへ送金要求を提出するHTML　Templateだけ。
しかしこれは金に関わるだから、私はそれについての管理と可能な安全問題を調べる方がいい。

私は今プロジェクトページのInfoを作っている。
Donate button をここにおくと思う。
このページで私が３Dデザインを製作する歴史を展示して、使用者が支援金を払う気になる。
こうすると私はもっと３Dデザインを開発する、そしてサイトのインタフェースを改善する。

今から観ると、私が作った第一版の教学はちょっと粗末過ぎた。
これからヴィデオ教学を作るなら、ついでに改善版の教学ページを作ってもいいだろう。
私が録画した映像が第二版の教学にとって一番いい素材になれるはずだ。

Youtubeチャネルも作った。
主役になる動画以外に、チャネルの外見を改善する影像が必要です。
勿論私はプロジェクトページとYoubutチャネルを一気にプロレベルにする訳がないが、
自分が出来るものを作り出して、そして一歩ずつ修正すれば、その品質がどんどん上がるだろう。
