在Three.js平台搭建繪圖系統的工作有了一些進展，
一直無法克服的raycater功能終於成功運作，我得以進行下一步的工程，
不過目前仍然困難重重。

我在設計javascript的邏輯開關和流程上還稱不上專業，
當整體的程式碼變得較為龐大之後就容易失去掌握。
像是我現在正在試圖建立的控制點拖曳功能就是一個例子，
原本設計好要調控拖曳功能的開與關的程式碼老是出錯，無法達到我想要的結果。
或許從頭梳理一次整體的程式碼會讓問題顯現出來，並且讓程式碼更加簡潔。

目前我使用的編輯器是Bracktes，
它比Notepad++相比有更多的擴充功能，這些也是我過去未曾仔細探究過的。
除了可以提供現成的HTML templates之外，它們還能夠自動改善程式碼的排版。
這個功能可以協助我解開cookie caster原本被濃縮的程式碼結構，
把它背後的原理徹底的研究清楚。

這年頭要學習和進行城市設計有太多太多免費的資源和平台可用，
然而要把一個專案從頭到尾做到好仍然需要投注大量的心力和時間，
我必須持續專注在這個計畫上。

目前CaFit以及製作人力發電機的計畫已經確定完全停止下來了，
為了取得讓它們變得可行的資本和實力，我必須先達到"成功經營一門生意"的程度。
我從未經歷過商業方面的歷練，
再學習的歷程中必然會遇到挫折和困難，這是在離開舒適圈之後必然發生的事情。
如果我停止嘗試，那麼這些年來所作的各種學習和努力都將白費。

------------------------------------
I made some progress in the making of modeling platform on THREE.js.
The raycaster was finally worked and I was allowed to proceed to further development.
But the project is still filled with difficulties.
My capability of designing logic switches and workflows in Javascript is not enough to be professional.
When the code got bigger and bigger, I'm pron to lose control over it.

Take the drag and drop function for example, I always found the code for switching the function to be malfunctional.
I'm now still unable to get this thing up and running.
Maybe a complete review and tidying ofthe code will make the problem more visible to me.

The editor I'm using now is Brackets, it have more extensions compared to the Notepad++.
I didn't take a closer look at them until now.
Besides offering instant HTML templates, these extensions can also automatically improve the layout of code.
This will aid me in studying the mechanism behind cookie caster's compressed source code.

Nowadays it's much easier to learn and create your own programming project, because there are so many free resources and platforms to achieve this goal.
However, in order to complete a project, it still require a lot of effort and time.
I must focus on my current project.

The human power generator and CAFit are now completely stopped.
In order to gain resources and capability to make such projects practical to me,
I must first acquire the capability ofg managing a business.
I was never trained in management and marketing and the learning process will certainly be accompanied with frustrations and obstacles.
This is the cost of leaving my confort zone.
But if I stopped those attempts, all I've done will be in vain.

-------------------------------------------
Three.jsを基づいてのモデル編集システムを作る作業の進度は少し進んだ。
Raycasterはようやく正常稼動できた。
そして次の段階へ進むことは可能になった。
しかし作業は依然難しいでした。
私はJavascriptのLogic switchとWork flowの設計についてはまだ下手です。
全体が厖大になると、コードへコントロールは弱くなる。
例えばDrag & dropを調整するSwitchはいつもエラーが出てきた。
プログランを最初のコードから全ての部位を整理すれば、問題は明白に慣れるかもしれない。
それにコードはもっと簡潔になる。

私が今使っているEditorはBracketsです。
これはNotepadより多いの拡張モデルを持っている。
最近まで私はこれらを詳しく調べたことはなかった。
これらのExtensionはインスタントのHTML templatesを提供できる、
そして自動的にコードの組版を改善することも出来る。
この機能を使えば、Cookie casterの圧縮されたコードの構造を解析することは可能になる。
Cookie casterの原理は判明する。

この時代でProgrammingを学ぶこととプログランを作ることも易くなりました。
沢山な無料資源とPlatformがある。
しかし一つのプロジェクトを徹底的に完成するには、やはり大量な努力と時間が掛かる。
私は今の計画に集中するべしです。

CAFいｔと人力発電機プロジェクトは今完全に停止された。
こんな計画を実行可能になる実力と資本を獲るため、
私は一人前の経営者になる必要がある。
私は商業についての訓練を受けていませんでした。
勉強の課程は必ず挫折と困難を遭遇する。
これはConfort zone から離す対価だ。
