修正版的包裝袋束口夾以及另一個沒有瓶口版本的束口夾設計已經在Github page上面發表了。
我另外創作了一個能將兩串文字合為一體的Dual Text設計，
他目前還有一些Bug要修正，不過大致上的架構已經完成，
這個設計不屬於實用工具的範圍內，
但是應該可以產生出具有話題性的作品。

我持續在3D列印社群發表作品的行動又產生了一點成果，
一位在香港的老師主動在Facebook上邀請了我，
不過我目前尚未和對方有任何深入的交談，
針對我這一兩年觀察到的一些在列印、建模領域的專家，
我接下來要藉著自己的作品打開話題，
一方面從對方獲取經驗和建議，
另一方面拉近和對方的距離。

至於具體上要談什麼話題，我覺得可以從自己目前設計作品的不足之處以及Github page的介面改善方向這兩點來著手。
我的Github page目前仍然處在非常陽春的狀態，
除了之前製作的圖文教學以外，我認為要在加上影片的教學，
因為大多數人對jscad這個系統還不是很熟悉，
特別是我要主打的那些沒有自立建模能力的人。
我已經建立了和Github相連的Google帳號，
用這個帳號來創建Youtube頻道，從最基本的教學影片開始出發，
讓他成為網站宣傳的另一個工具。

這個周末我又去了田尾一趟，不巧碰上了園區在大施工，
停車場全部都不能使用，我只能繞遠路去停車了。
要買的櫸木苗還是友順利買到，
我打算把家裡一些沒有價值的雜木換掉。

--------------------------------------
I published the corrected version of bottle-Capped Bagclip and a simplified version of bag clip.
I also created a jscad design which can merge two strings of text into one.
This new design still has some bug issues, but its general functions is complete.
This design does not belong to the catagory of useful tools.
But it may be able to create models which can draw people's attention.

My effort in publishing my works among 3D printing community had some little reward again.
A teacher in Honkon who teaches 3D printing and related technologies invited me on Facebook.
But I still have no further interactions with this person.
Targeting on 3D experts I've found in recent years, I'm going to build relationship with them by talking about my project.
On one hand I can learn from their experiences, o the other hand I can deepen our relationships.

As for what specific topic to talk about, I think I can start from possible improvements for my designs and my Github page's user interface.

My Github page is still in very early stage of development.
Besides the simple tutorial documentation I made previously, a video tutorial may be helpful since most of the people are still not very familier with JSCAD, espacially those who have limited capability in 3D modeling.

I've already made an account wich is linked to Github.
I'll start a Youtube channel and make basic tutorial videos, turning it into a advertising tool for my project.

This weekend I want to Tian-Wei again.
Unfortunately the park is under reconstrucion.
All of its parking lots got demolished.
I had no choice but to drive further to find other places to  park my car.
I sitll got what I came for, the sapplings of zelk
ova tree.
I'm planning to replace some worthless trees with these zelkova.

-----------------------------------
修正ヴァージョンのBottled-Bagclipともう一つBottleHeadなし版のBagclipはGithubで発表した。
私は更に二つのTextを一体化するJSCAD設計を作った。
その中には修正するべきBugがあるが、
全体の構造はほぼ完成した。
このデザインは実用性のある道具の範囲の中ではないが、
話題になる作品を生み出すことが出来るだろう。

私が３Dプリントコミュニティで作品を発表し続けたことは又少しの成果が出来た。
一人の香港の教師はFacebookで私をともリストに加えた。
彼は学校で３Dぷりんとを伝授している。
でも私たちの間にはまだ深い交流がありません。
この二年間で見かけた３Dプリント専門者たちはこれから交流の対象になる。
自分の作品を話題として、彼たちから経験と始動を求める。
もう一方で相手との関係を深める。

具体的に何の話題をするかと言うと、私は自分の作品の足りないところとGithubページの改善。
この二つから始めると思う。
私のGithubPageはまだすごく粗末なじょうたいだ。
前で作った教学ページ以外にヴィデオ教学が必要と思う。
多数の人がこのシステムにまだ慣れていません、
特に私の目標の使用者ー３Dモデルを作れない人たち。
私は既にGithubと連動するGoogleアカウントを作った。このアカウントでYoutubeチャンネルを作って、基本的な教学ヴィデオからじゃじめる。
これをプロジェクトの宣伝メディアにする。

この週末で私は又田尾へ行った。
あいにく公園区域は工事中でした。
停車場は全部使えないになった。
私は他の場所で車を止めるしかなかった。
でも買いたいケヤキの苗は順序に入手した。
私はこれを家で価値のない雑木と切り替えすと思う。
