這週的執行進度很糟，我嚴重的分心在其他不重要的事情上，
實際在進行工作的時間少之又少，
即使讀了再多自我管理的書籍，
一旦有了疏忽或是沒注意自我檢視的工作，拖延和分心的狀況就會不斷累積和惡化，
簡直就和院子裡的雜草一樣，稍不注意就可能會被這些生命力頑強的東西給淹沒。

至是一場無止境的掙扎，
如果我能看清自己的目標的話肯定能夠更堅定的走下去吧，
但事實上我仍對自己真正想要的東西一無所知，
我的物慾極低，也沒有積極建立人際關係的動力，
更別說是建立家庭了。
我的這種行為模式從小到大都沒有太大的改變，
我從未維持超過三年的友誼關係，
從數年前我就一在的提醒自己要建立基本的社交圈，
但至今我仍在原地打轉，
我現在可以確定自己真的很討厭社交這件事，
獨處是讓我感到最自在的狀態。

但是理想和現實是兩回事，
一個人藥在這個社會上存活下去是必須要有地位和人脈的，
必須考慮他人的眼光，
我之前思考的的那些專案一方面也是要改變我自己的性格，
就算沒辦法變成那種和任何人都能來往的社交高手，
至少也要能夠找到一些彼此能溝通的同好。

--------------------------------
My progress in last week was terrible.
I got distracted by things which had no value.
The time I actually spent onthe projects was extremely scarce.
No matter how many books about self-management I'read, once I ignore or not pay enough attention to myself, the procrastination and distraction will keep accumulating and getting worse.
It's jst like the weed in the yard.
A short period of ignorance could let those wild things overwhelm the area.

This is an eternal struggle.
If I can distinguish what I really want, I might be able to procede on the path more certainly.
But, in fact, I still know nothing about what I really want.
I have low desire on materials and not motivated to actively build up relationships, don't event mention getting married.
Such pattern of my behavior has never changed since my childhood.

I never keep a friendship for longer than 3 years.
From several years ago, I've noticed myself again and again to build up a basic social network.
But until now I still made no progress.
I can be certain now that I hate socializing with other people and solitude is the most comfortable status to me.

However, the ideology and reality are totally different.
I cannot survive in this society without social status and human network.
I also have to care about others opinions about me.
One of the purposes of projects I had created is to change my personality.
Even if I can't become a talented social expert.
At least I can find some peer who share the same hobby and can communicate with me.

-------------------------------------
今週間の任務実行の進度はとても悪かった。
私は重要ではないことに惑わせて気が散った。
実際に任務に投入した時間は少なかった。
たとえいくら自我管理の本を読んだでも、
もし注意をしないなら、怠惰の問題は悪化し始める。
まるで庭の雑草みたい。
注意しないと、こんな生命力が強すぎた生き物に埋め込まれる。

これは果てのない戦いだ。
もし自分の目標を確り見通すなら、
私はきっと動揺せずにそれを目指すだろう。
でも実は私が自分が本当に欲しいものがわからないです。
私の物質欲は異常に低い。
結婚ところか、他の人と関係を結ぶ動力もあんまりいない。
私の生活は子供のごろから全然変わっていない。
私は三年以上の友人関係を維持したことは一度もない。
数年前から自分に”基本的な人間関係を作るべし”と注意したが、
私はこの方面で何の成果もない。
今私は自分が社交と言うことが嫌いだと断言できる。
一人きりの方こそが一番楽になれる状態。

しかし理想と現実は全然違っている。
私がこの社会で生存するために、
他の人が私自身に対する態度も気にならねばならない。
前から作った様々なプロジェクトはある程度、
自分の性格を変わるためであった。
たとえ社交の達人になれないでも、せめて自分と同じ趣味を持つ同好を見つけ出す。
