關於Creative Dimension的商業計畫，我依然沒有做出一個完整的版本，
還有很多要素必須去完成，就拿Ficnancing 和Accounting來說吧，
我必須列出公司最初所需的各項資本金額，從網路空間與伺服器費用到人事費用，
這些都必須要被列舉出來，
另外我也要設訂出收費的標準，對製造服務公司索取的廣告媒合費用要收多少?
使用者在票選開發項目時的贊助需要設定金額上限嗎?
每一塊錢的加成權重要怎麼計算?
雖然我在此時設定的數字絕對會和計畫實際執行時有不小的出入，
但是收入和支出結構必須完整的被呈現出來，證明這個商業模式的可行性。

另外一邊我也在試著學習一些商業財務管理的基礎知識，
畢竟Creative Dimension一開始可能會拿不到也請不起一位CFO，
而且身為公司負責人，基本的財務和稅務管理嘗試還是必要的。

我目前在嘗試把現有的3D建模系統加上可以製作Flexy可動模型的功能。
它需要一組stl格式的Template，並且由Three.CSG去進行切割與合併的動作，
這個功能會讓企畫案更具有吸引力，
不過也考驗著我在Javascript的功力。
當這個功能完成而且完整的Business plan也擬定好之後，
我會開始找尋團隊成員的工作，讓Creative Dimension的籌備工作進入下一個階段。

從今年三月開始就一直有不少國內外的大企業宣告倒閉，
而且這個趨勢一直延續到現在，
十年前被雜誌媒體吹捧將成為"明日之星"的頁岩油公司紛紛倒下，
就連美國的槍械製造商都準備進入破產保護，
各個產業的前景都陷入混亂與未知的狀態，
Creative Dimension能夠在這個未來打下一席之地嗎?

-----------------------------------------------

About the business plan of Creative Dimension, I still haven't done  a complete version of it.
There are still many things which must be done.
Take financing and accounting for example, I ahave to list all of the initial amounts of the costs for the company.
From internet space and server fee to employee's salary, there are many types of costs that I must concern about.
Besides, I have to set the prices for our services.
How much we are going to charge a service provider for our advertisement and matching service?
Do we have to fcreate a upper limit on user's donation?
How to calculate the priority index when the voters not only voted a project but also donated a certain amount of money?
Though the numbers I am going to write in to the plan will not be precisely the same to the reality, income and cost structure must be complete and well presented.

By the way, I'm also trying to learn the basic about financing and accounting in business.
After all, we may not be able to hire a CFO in the begining.
And as the company's stake holder, I should have such knowlege.

I'm trying to modify the 3D modeling system and enable it to create flexy models.
It will require a set of templates and perform the cutting and fusion with three.CSG.
This function will make the project much more attractive.
But it will also challenge my skills in javascript.
Onece the function and the business plans done, I'll begin the task of recruiting possible team members and push the project to the next stage.

From march of this year, news of big companies gone bankruptcy showed up agin and again.
And yet the trend continues.
The shale oil companies, which in tenyers ago was told by media to be the star of the future, crumbled one after another.
Even the gun manufacturer in the US is going to file bankrutpcy.
The future of all industries is uncertain and covered by chaos.
Can Creative Dimension stand a out in such future?

-----------------------------------------------------------------

Creative Dimensionのビジネスプランについて、私は未だ完全なヴァージョンを出来ていませんでした。
計画には沢山な要素が完成させるべしです。
例えばFinacingとAccountingの部分、私は初期の会社の必要な支出の金額を列挙するべしです。
そして私は料金の計算方法を決める必要がある。
我々はService providerたちから一体どのぐらいの広告費を取るか？
使用者が開発プロジェクトに援助金を支払えば、そのプロジェクトの優先値をどうやって計算すればいいのだ？
私が提出した数字はきっと現実の状況とある程度の差別があるが、
収入とコストの構造を完全に表す必要が有る。
このビジネスモデルの実現性を証明するだから。

もう一方で、私は商業の会計と財部と関する基本な知識を勉強している。
Creative Dimensionは最初期でCFOを雇うことがあんまり出来ないだから。
それに会社の責任者として、私はこの領域の知識を持つべしです。

私は今３Dモデルシステムに”Flexy可動モデル”作成機能を加えうことを試している。
この機能には一つのstl　Templateファイルが必要。
そしてThree.CSGで分割と合併の操作を行う。
この機能はプロジェクトをもっと人の心を引く易いになる。
でもこれは私のJavascript設計能力を挑戦している。
この機能とビジネスプランが完成すれば、私はチームメンバーを探し始める。
Creative Dimensionの開発計画を次の段階へ進む。

今年の三月から国内や国外の大企業が倒産した事件が多発でした。
そして今この状況は続いている。
十年前でマスコミが未来のスターと褒められたShale oil会社は次から次へ潰れた。
アメリカの銃砲製造会社も倒産の準備を始まった。
全ての産業の未来は未知そして混乱。
こんな未来でCreative Dimensionは成功を獲るのかな。
