在Audacity的輔助之下，我得以更有效率的改善音梳的音色與準度，
有幾個音梳的細部結構可以去影響音的高低，
我很幸運的找到了C大調的幾個音，
而且我發現當每個梳齒的音越來越準確的時候，
他們之間會產生共鳴，產生更加和諧的音色，
現在的聲音已經更進一步脫離塑膠感了。

至於木琴式的共鳴管系統，我是得到了初步的成果，
不過中間波折不斷。
首先我預設音梳會發出C大調的音，並且從中推算出了各個共鳴管的長度，
但是最長的一管:C4的波長的四分之一的長度高達32公分，
不可能用3D印表機印出來，
就算印出來了，整個音樂盒也會變得過度巨大且笨重，
我決定採用效果較弱的八分之一波長作為管的長度。

接下來我又碰上了一些麻煩，因為我一方面要避免音梳撞上管口，
另一方面又須要讓管口盡可能的接近音梳，
距離的拿捏變得十分困難，
好不容易建好了3D模型，在列印的時候又碰上了擠出不足的情況，
這次的問題仍然出再擠出機，它的惰輪軸承有汙損的情形，
在清理之後我成功製作了第一個版本的共鳴管系統。

但是它對音量以及音色的轉變並沒有我想像的那麼大，
在Audacity的分析結果顯示共鳴管真的能針對特定波長進行強化，
造成了音訊頻譜圖的平移現象，
但是這個二分之一長度的共鳴管系統很明顯的存在誤差值，
我打算先在沒有共鳴管的狀態下測試並建立一個準確的c大調音梳，
接下來再調整共鳴管。

----------------------------------------------
Under the assistance of Audacity, I can adjust the tone and timbre of the comb much more efficiently.
There are several structural details which can control the pitch of a note.
Luckily, I've found several several notes from C major scale which are accurate enough.
I also discovered that when more notes of the comb become accurate, they will facilitate the resonance of each other and create more harmonic sound.
The plastic traits in the timbre is now even lesser.

When it come to the marimba-styled resonator tube system, I've achieved some initial results.
But I had faced many obstacles.
First I set the notes in Cmajor scale, and calculated corresponding wavelengths for those tubes.
But the longest tube, which is for C4, is 32 centimeters long.
It's impossible to print it with my printer.
It will also make the music box bulky and heavy.
I decided to use the shorter version of these tubes.

After that, another problem showed up.
On one hand I have to prevent the teeth of comb from hitting the tubes. On the other hand I have to get the opening as close as possible to the teeth.
It became very difficult to decide these distances.
When the 3D model was finally done, the printer again had some under-extrusion problems.
The problem is caused by the extruder's passive gear bearing.
That bearing got dirty and partially stucked by leaked grease oil.
After cleaning the bearing, I finally got the resonator tube system printed.

However, its effect on timbre and volume was not as good as I've imagined.
The sound analysis under audacity showed that it can amplify specific wave lengths and caused shifting in spectrum.
But this half-sized resonator tube system apparently hve some bias.
I'm planning to make an accurate comb in C major scale.
And then adjust the tube system.

----------------------------------------------------

Audacityの分析機能を頼って、私はCombのTimbreについての改善をもっと効率的な形で行われた。
Combの音の高さを決める細部構造を複数見つけた。
幸運とはいえることは私が既にC　Major　Scaleの中にあるNoteを若干作った。
それにCombのNoteがだんだん正しくなると、その間にも共鳴が出る。
そしてもっと調和が取れた音が出られる。
今の音には更にプラスチックのようなノイズが排除された。

Marimba式の共鳴管システムについて、最初の成果を出来た。
しかしその過程は順序ではなかった。
先ず私は全ての音をCmajorに設定した、
そして相応しい波長から共鳴管の長さを計算した。
しかし一番長いの一本、C4の長さは３２cmぐらい。
私のプリンターで作ることは不可能だ。
たとえ作れるでも、オルゴールはオーヴァサイズの状態になる。
私はその長さの半分を使うと決めた。

そして又面倒なことがあった。
一方で私はCombの歯を共鳴管の開け口にぶつからない様にしなければならない。
もう一方で開け口をできる限りCombに近づけさせたい。
距離を決めることは大変難しくなった。

ようやく３Dモデルを完成させたのに、プリントの最中Under-Extrusionが又現れた。
今回の原因は同じくExtruderにあっだ。
Passive gearのベアリングに汚れがあった。
清潔したあと、第一版の共鳴管システムを完成した。

だが音量とTimbreに対する効果が予想とは違っていた。
Audacityの分析によると、共鳴管は特定の波長を強化できるが、
五冊が有る。
それに音量の増幅が小さすぎる。
私は先ず一本の完璧なC major scale　Combを作る。
そして共鳴管を調整する。
