我在Thingiverse發表了可折疊提籃的STL檔案，
沒想到很快就有人開始關注我的帳號，
我可以再把一些去年製作的STL檔案上傳到Thingiverse，
藉此來擴展我在這個平台上的設計數量。

我另外開始了一個有趣的專案:Helicone。
他屬於視覺幻象裝置的範圍，可以藉由轉動來改變整體的造型，
我已經完成了它所有主要結構的設計，
只要細部調整完成，我就可以進行列印測試。
在研究這個主題時，
我另外發現了一個十分具有吸引力的物品類別:Kinetic art，
已經有不少藝術家在創作這類主題，因此我應該可以找到不少範例和素材來做為靈感的來源。

回顧一下我的目標:建立一個免費的可客製化模型下載平台，
並且提供3D列印業者的媒合服務，
我在Thingiverse以及Facebook的討論群組觀察到網路上流通的3列印檔案常有版權的問題，無法完全的做商業上的使用，
或許這也可以成為我的平台的切入點。

我正在進行的工作是以gitPharm這個名字來建立品牌，
並且增強自己在jscad平台的建模技巧，
而另外一個重要的課題是調查清楚我的客群在底在哪裡，
我會先在facegbook的群組發問，
首先是"你如何找3D列印代工的服務"另外就是"有任何3D列印代工的媒合平台嗎 ?"
當然，我必須把自己的期望降低，陰未能一次就達到目的的機會並不大。

----------------------------
I published the printable files of  collapsible basket.
Surpricingly, someone soon started following me after taht.
I can publish more of my previous works from last year on this site to expand my design collection.

I also started an interesting project: Helicone.
It is an optical illusion and can change shape when rotated.
I've completed most of its crucial components.
Once I finish editing its details, I should be able to start printing tests.
While studying this topic, I also found an attractive catagory of object: the kinetic art.
There are already many artists who are making this kind of thing.
Therefore, I think I can get many useful resources and examples for inspiration.

Let's review my ultimate goal: Building up a free and customizable 3D model downloading platform, which offer service for mediating customers with print-on-demand workshops.

I've observed that 3D printable files shared on the internet often have copyright issues.
These files cannot be fully commercialized.
Maybe this can also be and entry point for my platform.

What I'm working on is buiding up my brand under the name gitPharm and improving my skills in Jscad.
Another important topic is to find out where my customers are.
I'll ask questions on facebook groups.
The first is "how you find your 3D print-on-demand service".
And then "Is there any medating platform available?"
Of course, I should lower my expectations since the possiblity of immediately getting my answer is not very high.

---------------------------------------
Thingiverseで折り畳みバスケットのSTLファイルを発表した。
その直後人が私のアカウントをFollowし始めたとはちょっと意外だ。
去年で作ったモデルもこっちに運んで自分の設計数を拡大させましょう。

私はもう一つ面白いプロジェクト：Heliconeを始めた。
これはOptical　Illusionの一種類だ。
このモデルを回転させば、全体の形は変えられる。
私は既に全ての重要な構造のJscad scriptを完成した。
細かいところの調整を完成すれば、プリント実験をはじじめられる。

このプロジェクトを研究したとき、私はもう一つ魅力的な物件種類を見つけた。
それはKinetic art。
既に沢山なアテストがこれを創作した。
その故に私は大量な素材と参考用の例を見つけられるだろう。

もう一度私の目標を復習しよ：
一つ無用なカスタム３Dモデルのダンウロードサイトを作る、
そして３Dプリント業者の紹介/検索サービスを提供する。
私はThingiverseとFacebookで”ネットで共有されたモデルには常に所有権問題がある”と観察した。
この問題によってモデルは完全なる商業利用は不可能。
これも私のサイトのエントリポイントになるかもしれない。

私が今していることはGitPharmと言うブラントの発展、そしてJscadについての技術を精進することだ。
もう一つ重要な課題はわたしのサイトの客を探すことだ。
