針對上一版本的模型缺失，我製作了Molcar的新版本，
這一次的發條引擎有很高的齒輪比，但是1:64的高比值反而產生了過大的系統磨擦與阻力，導致齒輪引擎動彈不得。
跟兩年前開發手動發電裝置的時候碰上的問題如出一轍。

我會先採取救急的方法，只降低齒輪比到1:27，避免把整個系統重作。
Molcar動畫也已經接近尾聲了，我必須在下周前完成一個能夠運作的模型，要不然它的效果將會大打折扣。

過去一周在執行就寢時間的達成度是有上昇不少，
我很明顯感受到了自己的生理時鐘開始進入調適期，能夠更早就自然醒來，
但不能就此鬆懈，要把自己的生活習慣徹底改正過來。

雖然我在週記已經談了無數次，但是人際關係依舊是一個懸而未決的問題，
一般人是因為有社交的需求而想要跟他人交往或建立關係，
但我完全沒有這方面的渴望，只是因為覺得應該要做這件事才會思考這個問題，
我的交友圈從小就很窄，出了社會以後更是徹頭徹尾的斷絕了所有的連繫，
然而我卻感覺很自在舒適。
反而是在和人打交道時總是充滿反感和壓力，
我在工作的時候能夠進行正常的溝通和互動，
但除了工作以外的場合我根本不想和碰到的任何人有深入的交往，
我不指望自己有辦法娶妻生子，但是這樣子的狀況是不能再惡化下去的，
我必須找到具體的解決辦法。

------------------------------------------------------
Aiming at those defacts in last version, I made a new model of molcar.
This time the spring motor has much higher gear ratio.
However, this 1:64 gear ratio seems to have created too much resistance and friction among the spring motor, which render it unmovable.
This is just like what I experienced when I was developing hand-cranked generators two years ago.

I'll handle it in a immergency way by re-making only the gears and reduce the total gear ratio to 1:27.
This will avoid re-printing the whole system.
The molcar animation series is going to end.
I'll have to complete a workable version before next week.
Otherwise its effect will be much lesser.
My rate of achieving new bed time settings was much better last week.
I'm feeling that my body is adjusting itself and I can automatically get up earlier.
However, I should not stop here.
My life style must be corrected throughly.

Though I've mentioned it in my diary for countless times, the relationship is still an unsolved problem.
Ordinary people would build relationship due to social needs.
Bu totally don't have such craving.
I kept trying to do it because I think it is necessary.
My social connection was quite narrow since I was a kid.
And I've broken all links after I left school.
Ironically I feel quite pleasant in this situation and get disgusted when I'm dealing with real-world human interactions.
I can interact with hte others normally when I 'm on the job.
But I don't want any deeper relationships besides work.
I don't neither expect myself to be able to get married nor building up a family.
But I can't let this situation get worse.
I must find a practical way to solve it.

-----------------------------------------------

前のモデルの欠点を修正して新しいモルカーのモデルを作った。
今回はGear ratioを１：64に設定した。
しかしこんな高い数値は逆に過大な摩擦を作った。
二年前で手動発電機を作っていたごろと同じ問題だ。

私は先ず応急処置を行う。つまりGear ratioだけ修正する。
目標値は1：27。
こうして全システムを作り直すことを避ける。
モルカー動画もいよいよ完結するから、私は今週で必ず動けるモデルを作らないといけない。
さもないと効果が低いになる。

毎週の睡眠時間調整の達成率は上昇した。
私は自分の体の規律がどんどん調整されていると感じた。
しかし今油断してはいけない。
必ず自分の習慣を徹底的に修正する。
