最後的一個Helicone在列印完成之後，
我發覺它的視覺效果完全不如原本所設想的，
因此決定把這一個設計廢棄掉。
我發表了Youtube影片以及所有的Helicone系列模型，
但是就像之前的數個作品專案一樣，沒有得到很大的迴響和反應。

上週使用了一捲之前沒用過的線材，是仿木色的。
他的熔點異常的低，
一方面也可能是因為它剛拆封，內部完全沒有水氣，
這樣的性質讓他在列印時會糊成一團，
然而在XYZCube測試時卻完全看不出端倪，
我原本還以為是吹列印件的散熱風扇故障，
但是經過仔細確認之後發現它其實是正常運轉的。

搞3D列印真的需要很多熱情，要不然就會像那些棄坑的人一樣中途而廢。
目前MolCar試作品第二版的雛形已經出來了，
我進行了一些關節零件的測試，確認印出來的結構能夠正常運作，
車輪軸的部分是成功的，
接下來要測試的是齒輪組的固定軸和車底盤，
最後就是和上方的車殼結合。

回想去年的一開始我設想Creative Dimension計畫時，
其實整個計劃就是充滿問題的，
就算我自己去觀看了MIT的課程並且做了很多的自修，
其實實質上仍然是在做白日夢，
我連最基本的人際關係都健立不了。
當然我絕不會去浪費錢玩那些毫無意義的聯誼活動，
人際關係這種東西是寧缺勿濫。

--------------------------------------
After finishing last helicone design, I discovered that it failed to present the visual effect I wanted to create.
And thus I siscarded this version.
I published atutorial video on Youtube and all other helicone models.
However, just like all other works I've done before, it didn't draw much attension.

I opened a new spool of PLA filament, which is wood-colored.
Its melting point is abnormaly low.
This might be partially caused by low moisture in it.
This made it difficult when printing certain shapes and have half-melten structure.
But I did not see any trace of symptom shown when I was printing XYZ cube test.
I initially thought it was caused by the blower for object cooling.
But agter a detailed examination I found it works properly.

Playing with 3D printing really takes a lot of devotion.
Otherwise you may quit in the middle like many others.

Now I've done the draft of molecar version two.
Iprinted some joint part to test if those structures can really work.
The wheelaxis and bearing part are successful.
The next target is fixation rod for main gear set and the base plate of the car.
The final part would be the upper case.

Recall last year when I started the Creative Dimension project.
The whole project is filled with flaws.
Even though I watched and stuied start up courses like MIT open course.
What I did was merely day-dreaming.
Don't mention starting up a company,I can't even build up a hubman reationship.
And yet I will never waste my time and money on playing in those meaningless networking events.
Having no relationship is better than having bad ones.

-----------------------------------------
最後のHelicone作品を完成させた後、
私はその視覚効果が全然設計の通りではないと気づいた。
故にこの設計を放棄した。
私はYoutubeヴィデオと全てのHeliconeモデルを発表したが、
前の作品のように、あんまり多く反響はなかった。

先週で私は一つ使ったこのないFilamentを使い始めた。
その色は木材の色を模倣する。
Filamentの融点は異常に低い。
一部の原因は新しいFilamentは水分が低いだから。
こんな性質は有る形の物件をプリントする時、物件が熱によって溶かされる。
しかし私がXYZCubeで診断する際はぜんぜんンこの問題を見当たらない。
最初はプリント物件を冷やすファンが故障したと思ったが。
詳しく調べた後、その部品の正常作動を確認した。

３Dプリントをやるにはやはり多くな熱情が必要だ。
さもないと他の人のように中途半端で止めた。

今モルカ試作品の第二版の原型は出来た。
私は有る部品の性能実験を行った。
車のタイヤのシャフトは成功です。
次は歯車の固定用シャフトとシャーシ。
最後は上部のケースと組み合わせる。
