原本以為這次的農曆年假期間可以完成許多事情的，
但是事與願違，我的執行成果可以說是慘不忍睹。

之前我的3D列印成品漸漸出現擠出不足(Underextrusion)的狀況，
原本我以為是新換的V6加熱端套件的問題，
但是經過各式各樣的嘗試和調整都無法解決，問題只有更加惡化。
我曾經試著使用Temp Tower來診斷是否是線材因受潮而出現熔點偏移的現象，
但是所有的溫度下都呈現同樣的狀況，
直接用電暖器去烘烤線材的結果也是徒勞無功。

最後我把目標放在擠出機本身，終於發現了可能的故障原因，
ABS材質的惰輪軸承支柱因為兩年間的磨損已經出現斷裂的現象，
這使得擠出機對現材的抓力時好時壞，因而出現陣發性的擠出不足。

我在年節前趕緊下了一張訂單，訂購了一組全金屬材質的擠出機零件，
但是貨到時才發現我搞了烏龍，把應該是右手方向進料的套件看成了左手方向進料，
第二次訂購的套件方向正確，但是作工明顯陽春許多，
有很多細節都十分粗糙，不過總算是讓擠出不足的問題減輕了許多，
列印成品的填滿狀況變得比較能夠接受了，但是它並沒有讓UnderExtrusion的問題完全解決，可能再擠出機馬達以及溫度方面還要再做一些調整。

我在等待零件的空檔有進行額外的3D建模專案，
這次的主題是把最近很紅的一個定格動畫角色模型進行改造，
讓他能夠動起來，
這個專案因為比較適合在Blender底下開發，
因此我再次啟用了Blender2.9。

--------------------------------------
I thought I could have done many things in this lunar new year vacation.
But things turned out tobe the opposite.
My progress on projects was miserable.

Early in this month, my printer started showing signs of under extrusion.
In the beginning I thought it was due to the new V6 hotend.
But after various attempts and adjustments, the problem was only getting worse.
I tried to diagnose this problem with Temp tower and check if the filament's melting point was altered by moisture.
But the temp tower show the same pattern on all layers/temperatures.
My attempt on fixing  this by baking the filament with a heater was also futile.

In the end I examed the extruder and finally found the possible cause of underextrusion.
The ABS rod holding passive bearing was partially broken due to the force applied on it.
This caused the extruder to have unstable grip on the filament and thus the underextrusion happened.

I hurried and purchased a set of full-metal extruder.
But it was after the cargo arrived did I realized that I got the direction of filament flow wrong.
The second set have correct direction, but came with much lower quality.
It has many flaws in its design and details.
Anyway, the underextrusion was significantly improved.
The filling of pints became much more acceptable.
But the symptom was not totally releaved.
I may have to make some adjustments on the temperature and extruder motor.

While I was waiting for the parts to arrive, 
I started an additional project of 3D model.
This time the subject is the "molecar" from a popular stop-motion animation.
I'm trying to give it a power source and make it mobile.
This project is much more suitable for Blender and thus I restarted my journey in Blender 2.9.

-------------------------------------------
今年の新年ヴァカンスで色んなことが出来るだと思ったが、
結果はその逆だ。
私のプロジェクトの達成率は酷かった。

少し前で私のプリンタはどんどんUnderextrusionの症状が出って来た。
私はそれがV6　Hotendのせいと思った。
しかし様々な調整を行った末に問題は解決したところか、悪化し続けた。
私はTemp towerで問題を診断してFilamentの融点偏移を測定したかったが、
結局全ての温度で同じ結果が出た。
直接にヒータでFilament を焼いたが、無駄な努力でした。

最後に私はExtruderに目をつけた。
そしてとうとう問題の原因を発見した。
ABS制のベアリング座は長期の消耗によって破裂した。
これはExtruderがFilamentに与えるグリプの強さを不安定化する。
故に偶発性のUnderextrusionが発生した。

私は休暇の前に全金属製のExtruderパーツを一セット注文した。
しかし荷物が届けた後私は間違った物を買ったと気づいた。
右方向にFilamentを推進するパーツ筈だが、私は左方向の方を買った。
次回で買ったパーツは正しい方向ですが、細部について大量な欠点がある。
でもこれはやっとUnderextrusionを解決した。
プリントしたものの充填率が納得できる状態になった。
しかしUnderextrusionは完全に消失していません。
おんどとExtruderMotorを調整する必要があるかもしれない。

パーツを待っていた間に新しい３Dモデルを始めた。
今回の本題は人気アニメ＜PUIPUIモルカー＞のキャラクタです。
私はこのモデルを動かせるほど改造する。
Blenderは一番相応しいだから、私はBlender２．９を再び使った。
