C大調的音梳已經越來越準了，
而且我似乎抓到了微調音色的一部分訣竅，
但是有一些高音的部分不論怎麼調都調不準，
在基音與泛音間的比例也十分怪異，
至今我已製作了數十種的音梳，希望能快點找出最準確的比例。

最近幾個版本的音梳在使用樂譜捲軸演奏時已經有不錯的表現，
音色和最初的版本相比可說是天差地遠，
前兩個月的試作品的表現都遠不如Thingiverse上的版本，
花了三個月的時間開發這個作品算是有一定程度的收穫了。

目前有三個目標要達成，
首先是把C大調的音梳完成，第二是製作完整版的supermario樂譜捲軸，
在這一方面我打算要採用Openjscad來製作，
jscad的v2終於正式上線了，但是他的語法和V1相差甚遠，
我必須花一些時間適應它。
然而建立一個能夠自動完成樂譜卷軸的系統有其必要性，
我之前製作的版本都是在Blender底下手工製作的，
光是要完成三、四個小節就要花上大量時間，
如果自動樂譜軸生成系統成功的話，將會在未來省下大量的時間。

第三個目標是製作完整長度的木琴式共鳴管系統，
之前的二分之一長度的共鳴管完全沒有微調的空間，
無法調整到最有效的長度，效力遠不如預期，
我正在測試一個能在兩公分範圍內為調管身長度的機構，
並藉此把完整長度的共鳴管系統拆分成可以輕鬆列印的大小。
-----------------------------------


My music box comb for C major scale is becomming more and more accurate.
I seems to have found some tricks for fine tuning its timbre.
However, there are several high-pitched notes that could not be tuned to the right place.
They also present weird fundamental/ overtone ratio.
Till now, I've made dozens of different combs.
I hope I can find the most accurate design as soon as possible.

When played with the note cylinder, recent music box versions were performing well.
Their timbre have distinct difference between my early works.
Those test prints were far worse than existing models on Thingiverse.
I finally got some results from this three-month-long development.

There are three goals that I want to achieve.
The first is to complete the comb in C major space.
The second is to make a complete note cylinder for Super Mario's theme.
I'm considering of using openJscad V2, which is finally released, on this project.

But its symtax have some difference between V1.
I need some time to get used to it.
Yet it's necessary to establish an automatic system which is capable of generating note cylinders.
I had manually crafted all my note cylinders.
It tooke me lots of time for only three to four measures of beats.
If the system succeeded, I can save plenty of time in the future.

The third goal is to make a full-length marimba-styled resonator tube system.
The previous version which has only half of the length can't be tuned to the most effective length.
And thus it failed to produce significant result.
I'm testing a structure which is capable of changing length in a range of two centimeters.
I will separate the tube system with this new structure and make the parts easily printable.
----------------------------------------------

CMajorのCombの音は益々正しくなっている。
それに私はすこしTimbreを調整するコツを掌握したようだ。
しかし有る高い音の部分はどうしても正確になれない。
FundamentalとOvertoneとの頻率比も変だ。
今まで私は数十種のCombを作った。
一刻も早く一番正しいCombを作りだい。

最近作ったCombはNoteCylinderで演奏した際は良いパフォーマンスを出た。
Timbreは最初のヴァーションと比べれば全然違うものとはいえる。
最初の二ヶ月間で作った試作品はThingiverseにあるモデルすら及ばない。
三ヶ月の時間を掛けて、ようやく成果を得た。

今は三つの目標がある。
その一はC MajorのCombを完成させること。
二つ目は完全版のSupermario のNoteCylinderを作ること。
私はOpenjscadを使うと思う。
JscadのV2は遂に実装された。
しかしその文法はV1と違っている。
けれど自動的にNoteCylinderを生成できるシステムが必要だ。
私が製作したNote Cylinderは全てBlenderで人力で作ったものだ。
四つのMeasureを完成するには大量な時間が掛かる。
もし自動化出来るなら、未来で数え切れない時間を節約できる。

見つめの目標は完全な長さを持つMarimba式共鳴管システムを作ることだ。
前の試作品は半分だけの長さを持つ、
そして一番有効な長さになれない。
その故に効果は予想より低い。
私はある構造を試している。
それは管の長さを二センチメータルの範囲内で調整できる。
これを使って共鳴管の長さを微調整出来る。
もし成功すれば、共鳴管を複数のパーツに分解して、楽でプリントできるサイズに変えろう。
