3D列印音樂盒的音梳宇共鳴室的設計得到了更進一步的改善，
從一開始的噪音漸漸變得像是在撥動塑膠梳子的音色，
我原本就不打算去模仿或追求金屬音樂盒的音色，
那是鐵經過淬火強化硬度後才能得到的效果，
我想要做的是讓純粹的PLA結構產生它自身最佳的特色音質，
光是塑膠梳子的聲音其實就已經算得上是清脆悅耳的了。

經過數次測試，悅浦外罩並沒有如我所預期的產生增輻與共鳴，
無法實際改善音質與音量。
他還有另一個問題，由於外罩和音梳處在同一個圓內，
兩著的接觸方式注定會產生我上週所描述的問題，
音梳被音符凸出物拖著走而不是被瞬間撥動。
唯一的解決辦法是會富傳統的音樂盒配置，
把音梳分離出來，並且讓樂譜的儲存結構切換成一般的圓筒狀。
我會保留一部份之前的設計，使樂譜筒可以自由切換。

另外音梳的共鳴室設計也是必須保留的，
我另外還打算測試木琴的共鳴管來當作改善音質的手法，
它會遠比單純的共鳴室來的複雜，不過值得一試。

和橘子老師的對談意外的讓我認識到了另一位創作者，
他專攻程式設計，在scad的開發方面堪稱大師級，
我在這一個星期會在Facebook上面公開我的音樂盒專案，
並且試著讓自己能夠有更多話題跟這些創作者分享。

------------------------------------------
The 3D printed comb and resonator are further improved from making random noices to something like plucking a plastic hair comb.
From the begining I did not seek to create or resemble the sound properties of metal music box.
That is created by quenched iron.
What I seek is the unique sound of PLA structure and making the best use of it.
In fact,  the sound produced by plucking plastic comb is already good.

After several tests, the noteDome did not generate the amplifying and resonance effect I expected, which means it can't improve the volume and quality of the sound.
It has another problem: since the combe and dome are in the same circle, it is doomed to cause contact problems that I described last week.
The comb will be dragged by the bump istead of being transiently plucked.
The only situation is going back to traditional music box settings.
The comb must be separated and I have to use a cylinder to stor the notes.
I'll keep some part of the design to make the cylinder switchable.

Besides, the resonator chamber should also be preserved.
I'm going to test resonator tube from the design of marimbas to improve its quality of shound.
This may be more complex than a single resonator chamber, but it's worthy of trying.

By talking with orangeteacher, I accidently go to know another 3D creator.
He's a professional programmer and mastered the SCAD software.
In this week I will introduce my music box project on Facebook and try to find more topics to talk with those creators.

----------------------------------------
3DプリントオルゴールのCombと共鳴室のデザインは更に改善された。
最初のノイズからどんどん指でプラスチック櫛を引く音になった。
私はもともと金属オルゴールの音を真似るつもりはない。
それは焼きいれた鉄しか出来る音だ。
私が欲しいのは純粋なPLAから作れた音。
実はプラスチック櫛の音だけで耳に心地よいとはいえる。

幾度のテストをした後、NoteDomeは私が欲しかった増幅と共鳴を生成されないことが判明した。
つまり音質と音量を改善できない。
それにもう一つの問題がある。
CombはNoteDomeと同じ円の中で移動するから、
この両者の間の接触は必ず先週で言った現象が起こる。
Comb は瞬間にBumpに引かれるではなく、長期間それに引っ張られることになった。

唯一の解決方法は伝統的なデザインにもドル。
Combを分離して、ノートの保存構造を普通の円筒にします。
私は前の設計の一部を保留する。
Note Cylinderを自由転換できる機能を継承する。

ちなみにCombの共鳴室も保留する。
私は更にMarimbaの共鳴間を試してみる。
これは単純なる共鳴室より複雑ですが、試す価値がある。

Orangeteacherとの対話で偶然にもう一つ創作者を見つけた。
彼は専門のプログランマー。
SCADの開発についてマスター級とは言える。
私は今週でFacebookに私のMusic boxプロジェクトを披露する。
そして自分が創作者たちと話す話題を増やせる。
