音箱設計有了新的突破，
我加深了音箱的高度並且把一些邊角的位置變成圓滑的弧形，
結果音色得到了更進一步的改變，音量也顯著增加，
再次超越了過去的表現。

我研讀了一份介紹木琴發聲科學的文章，
並且在yOUTUBE上看了一些樂器發聲學的影片，
對聲學算是有了更深入的了解。
這些免費的教學資源清一色都是英文寫成的，
再年輕的時候價把英文能力打好基礎真的是十分有價值的投資。

我從這些資料中得知音色和音階與樂器結構的關係，
為了測出我的音樂盒音梳的發聲音階，
我使用了Linux的Audacity應用程式來分析錄製好的音訊，
Audacity是一個功能強大的音訊處理軟體，
能夠用頻譜圖以及傅立葉轉換等方式來將聲音訊號視覺化，
藉由Audacity的這些功能，我得以看出是作品的音訊特徵，
目前的音梳其實已經能夠產生類似一般樂器的Harmonic序列，
只是內部有不少的雜音，而且基音(Fundamental)也不夠明確，
我製作了許多造型經過微調的音梳，試圖得到最佳的結果，
如果能夠得到準確的Fundamental，
我就可以計算出合適的共鳴管長度，
進而製作出木琴士的共鳴管系統。

這次在Facebook上的實驗報告吸引到了有在玩3D列印的音樂家的注目，
3D列印的玩家族群其實比我想像的還要廣大，
他們很明確的指出了基音不明確等問題，
在下次發布新的成果的時候，我可以知會這些人，並且和他們建立聯繫。

-------------------------------------
I made some breakthrough on resonator.
By increasing the depth of the resonator and smoothing some corners of it, 
the timbre got improved further.
And the volume is also increased.
This result again supassed previous version.

I've read a document which explains the science behind a marimba.
I also watched some videos about acoustic and instruments on Youtube.
Now I have better understanding in acoustics.
All these tutorials are recorded in English.
Building proficiency in English at my early days was an extremely valuable investment.

From those materials I've learnt the relationship between instruments' shapes and their timbre.
I order to measure the exact pitch of my music box, I used Audacity on Linux to analyze the recorded sound.
Audacity is a powerful audio software which can turn audio signals into spectrums or vusualize them by Fourior transform.
Witho these functions, I can detect the features of my test prototypes.
The current comb can already form up a harmonic serie like common musical instruments.
But it contains lots of noises and the fundamental is not clean enough.
I've made many combs which are tweaked in different aspects.
If I can get correct fundamentals,
I will be able to calculate the corresponding length of a resonator tube.
And a marimbe-styled resonator tube system can be made.

I've posted my test results on Facebook groups.
This time I attracted some musicians who are also into 3D printing.
The range of 3D printing players is far wider tha I thought.
---------------------------------------------
共鳴室の設計について新しい突破が出来た。
私は共鳴室の高さを増やした。
そして一部分の角を円弧に変わる。
その結果は音質がもう一度上昇した、そして音量も増大された。
これた又前作の品質を超えた。

私一つMarimbaの発声原理を説明する文章を読んだ。
Youtube で若干の楽器の音科学に関するヴィデオを観た。
音科学に対してもっと深い認識した。
これらの教学資源は全て英語で構成されたもの。
若い頃英語の基礎を作ったことはとても有利な投資と思う。

私は教学から音質と楽器構造との間の関係を知った。
私の試作品のCombのPitchを測定するため、LinuxのAudacityを使って録音したデータを分析した。
Audacityは多彩な機能を持つ音データ分析アプリです。
SpectrumやFourier transformなどの方法で音データを視覚かできる。
Audacityの機能によって、私は試作品の音の特徴を見える。
現在使っているCombは既に一般の楽器のようなHarmonic Serieを作れる。
しかしその中には雑音が混ぜている。
それにFundamental も明確ではない。
最善の結果を追求するため、私は微調整されたCombを沢山作った。
もし正しいFundamentalが出来たら、
私は適当な共鳴管の長さを計算出来る。
そしてMarimba式の共鳴管システムを作る。

私はFacebookのグループでスレを作った。
今回は３Dプリントを使っている音楽家の注意を引いた。
３Dプリントの使用者の範囲は私の想像以上な広さを持つだな。
