我採納Facebook社團成員的建議修改了PLA發條彈簧的結構，
讓線圈間的空隙增大，如此一來彈簧的可蓄力圈數就能增加，
進而使發條車的行走距離大增，
在後續的實際測試證明了這個做法是正確的，
現在第三版的試作品的最常走行距離可達120cm，
是第一版的三倍，行走速度也大幅度提升。
總算是在三月的尾聲完成了Molcar的原型。

在新加入的Facbook社團發表的文章確實引來了不少人的關注，
有一些活躍的創作者也和我戶加了好友，
這個社團的管理員是3D列印線材的製造商，
他大方的表是要提供一捲強化PLA線材給我做測試，
這一方面對它的商品也是很好的宣傳。

三月的Molcar專案得到了很好的成果，
但是它離完成還有一段距離。
目前要解決的問題有一:發條的上緊結構強度不足，
第二個問題是車輪的抓地力在動力上升之下再次出現不足，
這一點可以用橡皮筋暫時解決。
第三個問題是車輪和車軸之間的固定，
我原本想用Snap-fit的卡榫結構來處理，但是效果不好，
PLA的彈性和強度受到列印方向的影響實在太大了，
我應該還是會回到最簡單的設計。

我另外還打算在正式版的Molcar發表之後進行下一個版本的開發，
採用PLA與羊毛氈的混盒結構，
由羊毛氈來構成Molcar的外觀，內部的PLA骨架將可以大幅度的輕量化。

虛擬貨幣的暴漲加上晶片的需求增加等因素使得GPU和CPU零件嚴重缺貨，短期之內我應該沒辦法換新PC。

-----------------------------------------------
I took advices from Facebook group members and modified PLA spring's structure, making more room for it to be winded up.
This will increase number of windable circles and thus make the car travel further.
In the subsequent experiment, this is proven to be a correct approach.
Now the third version of Molcar pototype can go for 120 cm, which is three times longer than the first version.
Its speed is also significantly increased too.
I finally made a workable molcar model in the end of March.

My new post on the Facebook group of latest achievement attracted plenty of attention.
Many active creators added me to their friend list.
The administrator of this group is infact a manufacturer of printable filaments.
He generously offered me a roll of fortified PLA filament for testing.
On the other hand, this is a good promotion for his goods.

The Molcar project obtained great result in March.
But it still is several steps away from completion.
Some problems must be fixed.
The first is durability of wind up mechanism.
The second problem is insufficient friction of wheels,
which emerged again after the power of motor got increased.
I fixed this one temporarily with rubber bands.
The third problem is fixation between wheels and axles.
I tried snap-fit mechanisms, but failed.
The strength and elasticity ofPLA is affected too much by printing orientation.
I'll just go back to the simplist design.

i'm also considering about making another version  after I pubulish the complete version of Molcar.
The next version will be a mix between wool felt and PLA.
The extrenal shape will be done by wool felt.
And the inner PLA mechanical structure can significantly reduce its weight.

The surge of cryptocurrency and demand on chips made the CPU and GPU shortage even worse.
I think I won't be able to buy a new PC in several months.

---------------------------------------
私はFacbookグループのメンバーの勧めを従って、
PLAバネの構造を修正した。
バネのコイルの隙間を増大させた。
こうしてバネが力をためられる回転数を増やせる、
そして車の移動距離が増える。
その後の実験でこの方法が正しいと証明した。
今第三版の試作品の最大移動距離は１２０センチに達する。
これは第一版の三倍。スピードも沢山上昇した。
これで三月の末でやっとMolcarの成功な試作品が出来た。 

最近入ったFacebookグループで発表した内容は多い人の注意を引いた。
数人の活躍している３D創作者は私をFriend list に加えた。
このグループの管理者は実際３D　プリントのFilamentのメーカです。
彼は気前が良くて、私に一巻の強化PLA　Filamentを提供してくれると言った。
彼にとって、これはいい宣伝の機会でしょ。

三月のモルカ　プロジェクトはいい成果を得た。
しかし正式発表するまでは少し時間が掛かる。
一つ目の問題はWind up機構の構造の強度が不足。
二つ目は車輪の摩擦が足りないこと。これは動力が上昇した後で現れた。この点に対してRubber band は一時的に問題を解決できる。
見つめの問題は車輪と車軸との接続です。
私はSnap-fit構造を使いったかたが、その効果は良くない。
私はやはり一番簡単な構造を使う。

正式版のモルカを発表する後、私はもう一つのヴァージョンを開発する予定です。
次の設計はPLAと羊毛フェルトのコンビです。
外見は羊毛フェルトで作る。
こうれで中身のPLA機構は更に軽量化可能だ。
