我總算讓Molcar動起來了，
包括造型車殼在內的所有零件組裝在一起的完整版Molcar的策市影像被我錄下來發表在Facebook上面的3D列印社團裡，
我順便連絡了原作者並且和他互相加入了好友名單，
另外我加入了一個由這位原作者推件的社團，
我在上面發表的貼文得到了目前為止最大量的關注，

這一個版本的Molcar依然有動力不足的問題，
特別是在車殼被組裝上去之後，
重量大增導致車子跑不快，而且行走距離也過短，
我已經健立了下一個版本，大幅度增加了PLA彈簧的強度，
如果這個改版成功，我會進入下一個階段，
讓Molcar像動畫裡面一樣用類似行走的方式來前進。

我到目前為止已經一個多月沒碰OpenJscad了，
從去年開始關注他的V2版本到現在，這個新版本的開發進度衣然緩慢到了極點。
要等他發展到我可以使用的程度恐怕是遙遙無期，
未來要繼續OpenJscad的開發的話，
V1是比較可行的選擇。

在MolCar開發告一段落後，
我有兩個新的構想可以在Jscad上面開發，
一個是針對3D列印最常見的測試物件，Benchy的改造，
讓這個船型的測試物件可以產生在海上航行的視覺效果，
這可以為我吸引到更多關注，
另外一個構想是重新探索完全3D列印製作的音樂盒的可行性，
原本就有人在Thingiverse上面放出試作品，
但是音質和造型上都有問題，
我打算重新檢視這個設計，看看能不能改善它。

-----------------------------------
I finally got the molecar model running.
The footage video of fully assembled molcar was recorded and published on 3D printing groups on Facebook.
I also contacted the original author and add him into mutual friend list.
Besides, I joined a group which was recommended by that author.
My post on that group got highest attention I've ever got.

This version still suffers from insufficient power.
This problem got worse agter the car cas is being assembled to the system.
Such weight made it unable to move fast and shortened its travel distance.

I've created next version, which significantly increases the strength of PLA spring.
If this approach is successful, I will enter the next stage and test mechanisms to make the model "runs" like those molcar in the animation.
It's been more than a month since last time I used OpenJscad.
Its V2 version is still in slow development just like last year.
It seems to take forever to see the complete version which I can make use of. 
If I want to continue developing projects on Jscad, V1 would be the feasible choice.

After finishing development of Molcar,
I have tow new ideos to work on Jscad.
One is a modification on the most popular test print object "Benchy".
I can give this boat-shaped object some moving visual effects to make it looks like sailing on the ocean.
This will gain more attention for me.
Another idea is to re-discover possiblilty of fully 3D printed music box.
There are already some people who made prototypes on Thingiverse.
But these prototypes have bad sound quality and looks.
I may be able to solve these problems.

---------------------------------------------
ようやくモルカのモデルを動かせた。
モルカの外殻を含めて全てのパーツが組み合わせた完成版モルカの実験ヴィデオは私が録画してFacebookで発表した。
ついでに原作者と連絡した。そしてお互いFriend listに加えた。
ちなみに私はその原作者が薦めたグループをはいた。
このグループで発表したスレは今まで一番高い注目を得た。

このヴァージョンのモルかには動力不足の問題がある。
特に車の外殻と組み合わせた後、大変増えた重量が車のスピードを検証した。それに移動できる距離も短い。

私は既に次のヴァージョンを作った。
今回はPLAばねの強さを大量上昇させた。
もし今回の改造が成功したら、私は次の段階に入る。
モデルの車軸の動きをアニメで観たもるかの”歩き方”にする。

今まで私は一ヶ月いじょうJscadを使っていなかった。
去年から私がこのプロジェクトのV2 を注目しているが、
その開発進度は依然遅いです。
これが私に使えられるようになる時はまだとおい。
もしJscadの開発を続いたならV1は唯一の選択だ。

モルカ開発が終わる後、私は二つの新しい構想がある。
一つは３dプリントのテスト物件－Benchyに対する改造。
このモデルに”海面上で波を乗っている”ような視覚効果を与える。
これはもっとわたしの人気を増やす。
もう一つの案は完全３Dプリント製作のオルゴールを実験すること。
Thingiverseでは既に他の人の試作品が有る。
しかしその音質と外見には問題がある。
私はこの設計を改善できるかもしれない。
