音樂盒的開發碰上了瓶頸，
我最近一週製作的新零件，包括共鳴箱與音梳在內，
並沒有帶來顯著的改進，
只有解決了音梳固定結構的設計問題，
讓音梳與主結構之間的能量傳輸問題降到最低，
但事關件的音色以及音量問題還是沒有辦法有所突破。
我使用了更大的共鳴室，但是音量並沒有非常突出的強化，
共鳴室開口的設計也沒有進一步讓音色產生轉化。

我嘗試性的製作了一個字帶共鳴管的音梳，
他的梳齒各自附帶一個長短不一的共鳴管，開口對準梳齒，
這個結構變化讓音色再次產生了轉化，
不過他也同時造成了梳齒的音階變得難以控制，
因為共鳴管結構對梳齒的震動造成了一定程度的阻礙，
我打算繼續共鳴管系統的開發，
甚至將共鳴箱的體積降低，並且採用更大型的共鳴管組合，
如果音樂盒要能成功作到商品級的品質，
勢必要有夠好的音色。

Covid-19的疫情擴散開了，
我居住的地方的居民從一開始就沒有很好的防疫觀念，
在鄉下地方的菜市場甚至看不到有人戴口罩，
而且搭火車的人也有不小比例只是把口罩掛在臉上，
沒有遮蔽住口鼻根本沒有效果，
會擴散得這麼快一點都不讓我意外。

------------------------------------------------
The development of 3D printable music box has entered a bottle neck.
My new designs, including resonator chamber and combs, did not bring significant improvement.
Only the fixation of comb was done.
The energy transfer from comb to mainframe is now secured.
But the most important issues, which are sound quality and volume, were not solved.

I used a bigger resonator chamber, but the volume did not increase significantly.
The opening design changes also did not bring further improvement to the tone of comb.

I tried a new comb design which have resonator tubes.
Each teeth has their own resonator tube with different length.
The openings of these tubes are targeting at the tooth.
This structure again bring changes to the tone.
But it also made the pitch of each tooth more difficult to control since it caused a certain level of disturbance on these tooth's vibrational properties.

I'm planning to continue the experment on resonator tubes.
Moreover, I want to reduce the resonator chamber's volume and apply even larger resonator tube set.
In order to make the 3D printable music box into a commercial grade product, IT MUST HAVE GOOD SOUND QUALITY.

The covid-19's outbreak is happening.
The residents around the place I live don't have good practice in preventing the disease.
I can barely see anyone wearing masks in wet markets.
Some people on the train do not wear their masks properly and let their noses exposed.
There's no doubt that the virus can spread so fast and widely.
---------------------------------------------
オルゴールの開発はボトルネックに入った。
CombとResonator Chamberを含めて、私が先週で作った新しいパーツは大した改善効果を出なかった。
ただCombの固定問題を解決した。
CombとMainframeの間の振動伝導をを安定させた。
しかし肝心な音質と音量の問題を突破できなかった。

私はより大きいな共鳴室を作った。
しかし音量の強化はあんまり居ない。
共鳴室の開け口の設計も更に音質を転化させなかった。

私は一つ共鳴管付きのCombを試した。
その歯はそれぞれ長さが異なる共鳴管がつけられている。
その開け口はCombに当てる。
この構造は再び音質を変えた。
しかし同時にそれは歯の音の高さの制御を妨害した。
Combのはの振動を干渉しただから。

私は共鳴管システムの開発を続けると思う。
更に共鳴室の体積を減って、そしてより大きい共鳴管セットを作りたい。
もし３Dプリント製のオルゴールを正式の商品レベルになりたいなら、一番いい音質が必要だ。

Covid－１９の完全は拡大している。
私が住んでいる地域の住民たちは最初からウイルスを防犯する観念を持っていなかった。
田舎の市場でマスクを被っている人は殆ど居ない。
列車を乗っている人もマスクを正しく付けなかった。
ウイルスの拡散がこんなに早いのは全然意外とは思わない。
