我嘗試了數種造型的共鳴室設計，將整體造型變得更加接近圓弧狀，
週邊的外壁也修改成弧形，這樣子的共鳴室似乎能讓聲響變得更加持久，
我另外製作了一個擴音器造型的集音裝置，
雖然用人耳聽不出明顯差異，但是在Audacity底下明顯的延長了聲音的持續時間，
並且稍微的增加了音量的最大值。

但我也碰上了一個新問題:共鳴室自身的共振頻率，
這個問題在一開始我採用共鳴室結構的時候就存在了，
只是當時我沒有注意到而已，
當共鳴室的共振頻率與音梳的音頻接近時，
音梳的音會被大幅度的轉化，
偏向共鳴室的頻率。
這個現象在Audacity的頻譜途分析之下變得顯而易見，
我設計的數種共鳴室都有他們自己特殊的共鳴頻率，
造成了不同區段的音被轉化，
在Audacity底下顯示出很明顯的強大波峰訊號。

但是這個問題是可以被解決的，
因為我可以透過Helmholtz共振的公式來調整共鳴室的頻率，
共鳴室的體積與開口大小都能夠左右共振頻率。
我的目標是把共振頻率壓低到接近A2~A3的範圍，
小提琴和吉他的共鳴室共振頻率也是偏低的。

在研究共鳴室結構的過程中，我還有一些意外的收穫，
共鳴室開口的設計其實可以讓樂器有更加強大的音響效果，
小提琴的F型開口就是一種累積數百年改良後的結果，
我準備在接下來的試驗加入這一個設計，
看看能否得出更佳的音色。

--------------------------------------------------
I've designed and made several new shapes of resonance chambers.
Their shapes become ovaler and have curved rim walls.
Such design seems to make the sound lasts longer.
I also made a cone-shaped device to concentrate the sound.
Though I can't detect distinctive difference, the visualized audio signal under Audacity shown that prolonged sound was produced.
The maximum volume was also increased slightly.

But I also got into a new problem: the frequency of resonance chambers.
This problem already existed when I started using resonance chambers.
I just didn't know its presence.
When the tones of the comb teeth are close to the chamber's frequencies, they will be significantly shifted towards the chamber's frequencies.
This phenomenon is evident when comparing spectrums of different chamber designs.
All of my designs have their own unique frequencies and caused deviation on different frequency interval of the spectrum.
Such deviation is shown in Audacity with a strong peak signal.

But this problem is possible to be solved.
With equations from Helmholtz resonance, I can adjust the chamber's frequency by changing its volume and opening sizes.
My goal is to lower chamber's frequency to A2~A3.
The guitars and violins have chambers with low frequencies , too.

When I was studying resonance chambers, I got something even more valuable.
The shapes of the chamber's opening can also determine the characteristics of it.
The f-shaped holes of violins are in fact a product which has evolved for several hundred years.
I'm going to add this design into next chamber model and see if I can get even better Timbre.

------------------------------------------
新しい共鳴室の設計を幾つ作った。
その造形は前より丸いなった。
周辺の外壁もアークのようなった。
このデザインは音の続く時間を長く延びれるようだ。

ちなみに円錐状の構造を作った。
これはCombから出た音波を集中できる。
私の耳で区別できないが、
Audacityの分析により、音の続く時間が長くなった。
そして音量の最大値も少し増えた。

しかし私は新しい問題を見つけた：共鳴室自身の共振頻率による音の干渉。
この問題は私が共鳴室を採用したごろから存在していた。
私はそれを気づいたことがなかっただけだ。
共鳴室の頻率とCombの音の頻率が近くなると、
Combのおとは深刻な偏移が起こる。
この現象はAudacityのSpectrum分析で明らかに見える。
私が設計した共鳴室はそれぞれの共振頻率を持っている。
そして違い区域の音に影響を与えた。
AudacityのSpectrumで同じ頻率の強い信号が見える。

だがこの問題は解決できる。
Holmholtz共振の公式で共鳴室の共振頻率を調整できる。
共鳴室の体積と開け口の面積は共振頻率を変える。
私の目標はそれをA2~A3位の位置へ降りる。
Violinとギターの共鳴室の共振頻率も低いんだ。

共鳴室の構造を研究した過程で私は予想外の収穫を得た。
共鳴室の開け口の設計は楽器にもっと強い音声効果を与えられる。
ViolinのF型開け口は数百年間改良された結果だ。
私はこれから実験作にこの構造を加える。
