完全排除3d列印機的故障之後，我順利完成了另外兩個Helicone的製作，
並且在Thingiverse上面發佈了模型檔案，
我另外有錄製Jscad的教學影片，
這一次我使用了字幕編輯軟體來產生.ass字幕檔，
但是在Youtube上傳之後在發佈的階段出現錯誤，
我可能需要把影片重新處理再上傳。

在Facebook的3D列印社團我針對之前的Under extrusion故障事件Po文分享經驗，
沒想到這篇文章很快就吸引了不少人回覆，
很明顯的，我還是改不清楚到底哪種類型的文章可以在這個社群吸引到人氣和注意。

另外就是我仍然沒有主動的去找一些活躍的創作者，
只是偶爾發部一些作品，而且這些作品事實上沒有我想像中的那麼能吸引人氣和關注。
我這一次針對MolCar的改造模型專案會是一個改善這個缺失的機會，
這一個模型的原稿其實來自一位台灣的教師，
他本身有在指導學生使用建模軟體，
我會在初步測試成功之後開始和這位創作者互動，了解對方的背景和專長。

這個三月我會專注在MolCar的模型改良以及建立聯繫和關係的工作上面，
目前我製作的測試版模型明顯還有非常多的缺失，
說不定還動不起來，
經過實驗和測試的過程會讓這個專案的完整度更加提升。

另外一個目標是重新設定就寢時間，
我生活作息的紀律已經明顯鬆散下來了，
與其增加工作時間，不如去限縮他，
提前就寢時間到下午十點半，讓自己在執行工作時更有緊迫感。

----------------------------------
After solving the problems of my 3D printer,
 I successfully comleted 2 additional Helicone.
I aslo recorded a tutorial video.
This time I used a subtitle editor software to generate a .ass subtitle file.
But I faced some error while I was uploading it to Youtube and unable to get it uploaded.
I should render my video and try again.

I also made a post about my case of underextrusion.
I got startled by how fast and how many people responded to my post.
Apparently I still don't know which type of post can catch people's attention.

By the way I still haven't made contact with active creators.
I only publish post about my work.
But those works are actually not that attractive as I imagined.

This time my project on mol car modification may be a chance to fix this problem.

The original model was created by a Taiwanese teacher who teachs his students how to use 3D modeling software.
I will contact this creator after I get initial success from my project.

In next month, I'll focus on contacting creators and improving my model.
My project still have many obvious defects, which might prevent the model from working.
Through the process of testing, this project will become better.

Another goal for next month is to reset my bed time.
My decipline in life style is apparently melting down.
Instead of increasing working hour on my projects, I think it's better to limit and shorten it.
I'll set bed time earlier to 10:30 pm.

------------------------------------------------------
３Dプリンタの故障を完全に解決した後。
私は順序にもう二つのHeliconeを完成させた。
そしてThingiverseでモデルファイルを配布した。
ついでに私はJscad scriptの教学ヴィデオを作った。
今回はSubtitle editorを使って.assファイルを生成した。
しかしヴィデオをYoutubeへアップロードした際エラーが発生した。
結局発表できなかった。
ヴィデオの設定をもう一度整う必要がある。

Facebookの３Dプリントグループで私は前のUnder extrusion事件についてスレを作った。
なんとこのスレは沢山な人の注目と返事を貰った。
私はやはりどんなタイプのスレがこのコミュニティで人気を集められるのが全然分からないだ。

もう一つのことは私は主動的に活躍しているクリエターとレン隠していない。
ただたまたま作品を発表するだけ。
それにこんな作品は私の思い通り人気集められなかった。
今回のモルカーモデルに対する改造プロジェクトはこの状況を代わるチャンスだ。
このモデルの原作者は一人の台湾の教師・
彼は自分の生徒に３Dデザイン関連のコースを授業している。
私は最初のテストが成功した後でこの原作者と連絡をとる。
そしてお互いの関係を深める。

来月で私はモルカーのモデルの改善と人間関係に専念する。
私が作ったモルカーのテストモデルには明らかに欠点が沢山有る。
全然動けない可能性も有る。
テストプリントと修正を重ねて、このモデルをもっと完璧な状態になろう。

もう一つの目標は就寝時間を調整すること。
私の生活の紀律は崩れている。
作業の時間を増やすより、それを制限する方がいい。
これからは午後十時半で寝る。
