Molcar專案在Thingiverse 以及Youtube上的發表已經完成了，
他應該算得上是我到目前為止所有作品中最成功的一個，
Facebook尚得更多創作者與同好知到了我的存在，
好友清單也持續在增加當中。

然而這並不代表我已經建立了自己的品牌，
就算是和小規模的個人創作者相比，我的知名度以及人氣也遠比不上，
而且我還發現自己的另一個問題，就是宣傳途徑侷限在網路空間，
最近我認識的這些創作者常常是身兼教職或是專門教授3D建模與列印的人士，
他們不論是在現實生活中或是網路上都是十分活躍的，
這一點是我所辦不到的。

目前要努力的下一個目標是3D列印音樂盒，他是最有可能實現我去年構思的Creative Dimension的架構，
首先它可以在JSCAD的環境下生成所需的零件檔案，
因為樂曲是每天都不斷的被創作出來的，
所以相對應的音樂盒也會有無限種的可能。

首先要做的就是上周提到的，改善音質與音量，
原本的草案又歷經了數次的更改，
我沒有聲學的相關訓練，恐怕還是會像Molcar專案一樣需要度過一段漫長的開發過程吧。

一旦有一個音質與音量都明顯超過現有所有作品的版本，
我會啟動一個Patreon專案，當中雖然多多少少會被扣除手續費，
但是會比我現在paypal.me一毛錢都沒有進帳的狀況好得多。

------------------------------------
I've finished publishing the molcar project on Thingiverse and YouTube.
It can be counted as my most successful work sofar.
More creators and people who share the same hobby know about me.
My friend list is also increasing.
However, this doesn't mean that I've built up my personal brand.
Even compared with the smallest personal project creators on YouTube, my fame and popularity are totally nothing.

I also noticied another problem, which is limited propaganda media.
I'm confied in the internet.
Those creators I recently befriended with are most teachers or holding classes on 3D modelihng/ printing.
They are very active both in reality and on internet.
This is what I'm not capable of.

The next target would be 3D printed music box.
This is the most possible object to apply bussiness model of Creative Dimension.
First it's possible to generate all its necessary files.
Secondly, new songs/ melodies are created every day and thus there would be unlimited possiblities of corresponding music boxes.

The things that must be achieved first are improvemnts on volume and sound quality, which I mentioned last week.
The draft had went through several times of modification.
I don't have training in acoustic science and I'm afraid that this project might require a long period of development just like molcar.

Once I made a version which surpass all available odels on the internet, I will launch a patreon project.
Of course some income will be taken by the platform.
But this will definetely work better than my current paypal.me, which received zero money.

----------------------------------
モルカープロジェクトはThingiverseとYouTubeで正式発表された。
これは私が今まで一番成功な作品だと言える。
Facebookにいるもっと多くな創作者と同好は私の存在を知った。
Friend list も増加しつづ有る。

しかしこれは私が自分のブランドを作った訳ではない。
たとえ一番小規模な個人創作者と比べても、私の知名度や人気は明らかに低い。
それに私にはもう一つの問題が持っている。
それは宣伝の通路がネット空間に制限されたことだ。
最近私が知り合いになった創作者たちは教師を務めている、あるいは３Dモデル/プリント教室を開設している。
彼らは現実生活でも、インターネットにでも活躍している。
これは私が出来ないことだ。

目の前にある次の課題は３Dプリント制のオルゴールだ。
これは私が去年で考えたCreative Dimensionのビジネスモデルを実現する可能な商品だ。

先ずJsCADで全てのパーツが生成できる。
そして新しい曲は毎日作られているから、曲を基にしているオルゴールには無限の可能性が持っている。

やるべしことは先週で言った”音量と音質の改善”だ。
最初のプロートタイプを更に改修した。
私は音の科学に関する知識はあんまり居ないから、恐らくモルカープロジェクトのように長い開発過程が必要かもしれない。

もし音質と音量がネットであらゆる全ての作品を遥かに超える試作品が出たら、
私は先ず一つのPatreonプロジェクトを作る。
吸入は多少減られるが、一文も貰っていないPaypal.meの方よりいい選択肢と思う。
