這一週我曾經嘗試用v2版本的jscad，
不過他目前的狀態只適合當作單純的3D編輯器，
我還沒有辦法在node.js架構之下從原始碼build出我要的版本，
最適合我的專案的js核心仍然是v1。

然而v1內部有一些被回報但開發團隊已經放棄修復的Bug，
其中Rotate Extrude的最低邊數被限制在八以上這個問題最讓人頭痛，
因為他算是很基本的功能，
我為了使用這個功能而硬著頭皮研究了原始碼，
沒想到這個Bug被我用很粗糙的方式修補過去了，
我也因此得以進行下一個jsad設計的開發。

這一個新設計是可折疊收納的籃子，
在Thingiverse上面有一個被改良得很好的版本，
我基於這個版本開發出了可以調整層數以及整體尺寸大小的jscad設計檔，經過一次失敗的試印之後修正出了可以正常使用的版本，
我個人覺得是可以在加上幾個能和本體結合的小附件，
讓籃子在展開使用時會更加穩固。

我發覺自己到目前為止的設計和網站並沒有真正建立所謂的粉絲群，
我在Youtube上看到的成功創作者大多都有非常專一且明確的主題，
例如飛行器或是特殊的機械構造試驗，
這些創作者專業且深入的內容吸引到一些會穩定追蹤這個主題的人，
進而讓頻道穩定發展起來，
我自己的設計也要設訂出主軸，
暫定是視覺幻象裝置、收納工具、還有盆栽用具這三個。
我每個月要在這三個領域中各發表一個設計，
並且在Youtube上面發佈影片。

------------------------------------------------
This week I tried to move on to version2 of jscad.
But it was still in pre-release stage and can only work as a editor.
I could not build the core javascript fiel for my project from the source code through node.js.
The most suitable choice for me is still the version1.

However, ther exists some bugs which are reported but the development team had given up repairing them.
Among these, the issue with rotate-extrude function, which have limited minimum edge number of the extruded geometry to be 8 or higher, was quite annoying.
It is such a common and basic function.

In order to make it work for me, I tried my luck on the source code.
Luckily, I patched this bug up with some crude method.
By doing this, I was able to start developing my next design.
This design is a foldable basket.
There are a well improved version on thingiverse.
I developed my design based on it.
Its number of layers and size are fully customizable.
After a failed test print, I managed to correct the design and printed a model which is functional.
I think this can be improved further by adding several accessaries which can make the basket more stable while expanded.

I realized that my desing and website so far did not establish a solid fan base.
The successful creators I found on Youtube usually focus on a relevant topic.
For example, planes and drones or special machine mechanism.
The specific and in-depth contents can attract people who would regularly follow their interested topics.
This allows the creators to build their fan bas up.

I should also decide what topics to focus on.
I'll set three for now, first is visual illusion devices, the second is storage tools, and the third is bonsai tools.
I will publish on design monthly for each of the topics.
And I will release video on Youtube.

--------------------------------------------
私は先週でV2ヴァージョンのJSCADを試したが、
その状態はまだ3DEditor機能のみでした。
私はNode.jsでSource codeから自分が欲しかった核心Javascriptファイルを生成できなかった。
現在の私にとって一番相応しいのはやはりV1です。

しかしV1の内部には通報されたのに、開発チームが修正を放棄したBugがある。
その中にRotate-extrudeの結果の最小頂点数が八以上に制限されたBugが一番困る。
それは基本的な機能だから。

私はこの機能を使うためにいやいやながらSource codeを研究した。
以外に私はこのBugを粗末な方法で修正した。
そのお陰で私は次のJSCADデザインを開発できる。
このデザインは折り畳むバスケです。
Thingiverseで一つ良く改善されたモデルがある。
私はこのモデルを基にして、層の数と全体のサイズが調整可能のJscadデザインを作った。
一つの失敗作を作った後。
私はデザインを修正して、正常作動できるヴァージョンを作った。
このデザインに少し本体と接続可能な補助パーツをつけると思う。
こんなパーツはバスケが展開している状態で本体の安定性を確保する。

私は自分が今までの作品とサイトが本当のファンーベースを作っていなかったと気づいた。
自分がYoutube で見かけた成功なクリエータたちは皆ひたむきな、そして明白な主題が有る。
例えば飛行機、あるいは特殊な機械構造。
こんな深くて専門なm内容は特定の主題を定期的にフォローする人を引き寄せる。
自分のデザインも主題を設定するべしです。
暫くは視学幻像装置と格納用の道具と盆栽用の道具、この三つで決める。
